. .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at   and this policy. ; .  in the technical information paper  . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time.  could allow an attacker to create a denial-of-service condition obtain administrator credentials or achieve remote code execution. The following versions of ViewPower Pro an Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS) management software are affected: The affected product deserializes untrusted data without sufficiently verifying the resulting data will be valid. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). When a specific service of the affected product receives a certain message from an unauthenticated user that process may stop. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. The affected product is vulnerable to an OS command injection which may allow remote code execution on the underlying operating system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected product allows an unauthenticated user to invoke a method that may modify the administrator account password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Simon Janz (@esj4y) of Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). Voltronic Power did not respond to CISA's attempts at coordination. Users of Voltronic Power products are encouraged to contact Voltronic Power and keep their systems up to date.
