has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpApp component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpApp component to write threat actor-controlled data to memory which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The following Rockwell Automation products are affected:  could allow an authenticated attacker to use specifically crafted communication requests to perform a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpApp component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). ). After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests with inconsistent content can cause the CmpApp/CmpAppBP/CmpAppForce components to read internally from an invalid address potentially leading to a denial-of-service condition. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution.  . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this these vulnerabilities such as: Additional information can be found in the to generate more environment-specific prioritization. Users can use  Rockwell Automation recommend users using the affected software to apply the risk mitigations if possible: ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the cmpFiletransfer component to dereference addresses provided by the request for internal read access which can lead to a denial-of-service situation. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Rockwell Automation reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. .  including After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests with inconsistent content can cause the CmpFiletransfer component to read internally from an invalid address potentially leading to a denial-of-service condition. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . ). After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpAppForce component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ; .  policy. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is (  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . and this
