. .  including  CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Westermo recommends following best practices for hardening such as restricting access disable unused services (attack surface reduction) etc. to mitigate the reported vulnerabilities.  . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. in the technical information paper . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time.  An attacker with access to the web application with vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the dns.0.server parameter.  ; . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at policy. and this ). Aarón Flecha Menéndez Iván Alonso Álvarez and Víctor Bello Cuevas reported these vulnerabilities to CISA.  could allow an attacker to access the web application inject arbitrary code execute malicious code obtain sensitive information or execute a malicious request. The following versions of Lynx 206-F2G a layer three industrial Ethernet switch are affected: An attacker with access to the web application that has the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the forward.0.domain parameter. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An attacker with access to the web application that has the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the autorefresh parameter. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A potential attacker with access to the device would be able to execute malicious code that could affect the correct functioning of the device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A potential attacker with access to the device would be able to execute malicious code that could affect the correct functioning of the device. ). The cross-site request forgery token in the request may be predictable or easily guessable allowing attackers to craft a malicious request which could be triggered by a victim unknowingly. In a successful CSRF attack the attacker could lead the victim user to carry out an action unintentionally. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An attacker with access to the network where the affected devices are located could maliciously actions to obtain via a sniffer sensitive information exchanged via TCP communications. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnera or craft a malicious request.bility. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An attacker with access to the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the username parameter in the SNMP configuration. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ).
