). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted SPP files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition.  ). . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). . A base score of 4.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is (   The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted SPP files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 4.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted SPP files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted WRL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). ). As of January 10 2023 CISA will no longer be updating ICS security advisories for Siemens product vulnerabilities beyond the initial advisory.For the most up-to-date information on vulnerabilities in this advisory please see   could allow an attacker to crash the application or execute arbitrary code if a user is tricked into opening a malicious file. The following Siemens products are affected: The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted WRL file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ).   The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted WRL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted WRL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-017796 in and . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:  on the ICS webpage on . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. ; we’d welcome your feedback. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. This product is provided subject to this and this policy. . A base score of 4.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( We recently updated our anonymous Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. Siemens also recommends users do not open untrusted WRL PSOBJ or SPP files from using Tecnomatix Plant Simulation  The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted SPP files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to ).  The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted SPP file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted PSOBJ files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. 
