CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures.  could allow a remote attacker to cause a temporary denial-of-service (DoS) condition for a certain period of time in the product's Ethernet communication by performing a TCP SYN Flood attack. The following versions of Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-F Series a compact control platform are affected: Products with * are sold in limited regions. In Mitsubishi Electric multiple FA products there is a denial-of-service (DoS) vulnerability that exists in the Ethernet function. A remote attacker could cause a temporary denial-of-service (DoS) condition for a certain period of time in the product's Ethernet communication by performing a TCP SYN Flood attack. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Mitsubishi Electric Corporation reported this vulnerability to CISA. Mitsubishi Electric recommends that users take the following mitigation measures to minimize the risk of exploiting this vulnerability: For specific update instructions and additional details refer to CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as:  This product is provided subject to this . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including ; we’d welcome your feedback. We recently updated our anonymous policy. and this No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. on the ICS webpage on in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .
