  could allow a non-administrator user to disclose the credentials (user ID and password) of a user with a lower access level than themselves. Mitsubishi Electric reports that the following MELSEC iQ-R Series products are affected: Information disclosure vulnerability due to incorrect privilege assignment exists in MELSEC iQ-R Series Safety CPU and SIL2 Process CPU modules. After a remote attacker logs into the CPU module as a non-administrator user the attacker may disclose the credentials (user ID and password) of a user with a lower access level than the attacker by sending a specially crafted packet. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Reid Wightman of Dragos Inc. reported this vulnerability to Mitsubishi Electric. When MELSEC iQ-R Series Safety CPU versions 27 or later is used with GX Works3 versions 1.087R or later this attack can be prevented by enabling communicating with only the enhanced version of vulnerability management of GX Works3 when writing user information to the CPU module. Mitsubishi Electric will implement the workaround in other products in the near future. Please contact your local Mitsubishi Electric representative to update your CPU module to the one listed above. Mitsubishi Electric recommends that users take the following mitigation measures to minimize the risk of exploiting this vulnerability: For specific update instructions and additional details see . and this CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. .  .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time.  policy. ; . 
