. Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin versions d78dda6 and prior are vulnerable to out-of-bounds read during the process of analyzing a specific Ethercat packet. This could allow an attacker to crash the Zeek process and leak some information in memory. CISA recommends that users update Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin to Cameron Whitehead of HACK@UCF reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  could allow remote code execution. Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin versions d78dda6 and prior are vulnerable to out-of-bounds write while analyzing specific Ethercat datagrams. This could allow an attacker to cause arbitrary code execution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin versions d78dda6 and prior are vulnerable to out-of-bounds write in their primary analyses function for Ethercat communication packets. This could allow an attacker to cause arbitrary code execution. The following GitHub commits (versions) of ICSNPP - Ethercat Plugin a plugin for Zeek are affected: To help reduce successful exploitation users are encouraged to keep critical software updates and patches up to date in their system networks. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:   ; . policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including  in the technical information paper
