 ; we’d welcome your feedback. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens is preparing fix versions and recommends countermeasures for products where fixes are not or not yet available. Deniz Cevik from Cyberwise Turkiye and Michael Heinzl reported these vulnerabilities to Siemens. ). . A base score of 6.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The REST API endpoints of doorsconnector of the affected product lacks proper authentication. An unauthenticated attacker could access the endpoints and potentially execute code. ). . A base score of 8.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). Siemens Polarion ALM is vulnerable due to weak file and folder permissions in the installation path. An attacker with local access could exploit this vulnerability to escalate privileges to NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM. Siemens reports that the following products are affected:  could allow unauthenticated access or privilege escalation. and following recommendations in the product manuals. Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-871717 in . We recently updated our anonymous policy. This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at and this CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. . . and
