Although this is an end-of-life product Commend has created new firmware Aarón Flecha Menéndez of S21sec reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A weak encoding is used to transmit credentials for WS203VICM. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A remote attacker may be able to bypass access control of Commend WS203VICM by creating a malicious request. ). A remote unauthenticated attacker may be able to send crafted messages to the web server of the Commend WS203VICM causing the system to restart interrupting service. Commend reports that the following versions of WS203VICM video door station are affected:  could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information or force the system to restart. to address the first two issues. The new firmware can be loaded via the program IP Station Config. To install the firmware follow the instructions below: has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( For additional information please visit CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: We recently updated our anonymous ; we’d welcome your feedback. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. policy. and this This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  in the technical information paper
