). Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior suffer from an authorization mechanism vulnerability. This could allow an attacker to escalate privileges and gain full control of the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An authorization bypass occurs in Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior when an authenticated attacker visits a specific GET request against the target resulting in disclosure of administrative credentials in clear-text. This allows the attacker to re-login with admin privileges and have full access to the control interface. ). ). The application of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior stores passwords in clear-text in its DBMS system. Storing a password in plaintext may result in a system compromise. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Hard-coded credentials are present in multiple binaries bundled in the Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior firmware OS. These hard-coded credentials typically create a significant hole that could allow an attacker to bypass the authentication configured by the software administrator. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 10.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 10.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to OS command injection which could allow an attacker to cause remote code execution. ). Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to cross-site scripting which could allow an attacker to obtain and alter some information on the system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Versions of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series firmware 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to a file inclusion through path traversal which could give the attacker access to sensitive information. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to path traversal. This could allow an attacker to gain unauthorized access to the system and sensitive data. The following versions of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series are affected:  could allow a remote attacker to gain full system access. ). Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to unrestricted upload of malicious files which could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code. The Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior access control platform has SSH enabled with hardcoded credentials for the root account. This could allow an unauthenticated attacker to initiate a secure connection with highest privileges (root) and gain full system access. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( We recently updated our anonymous policy. and this This product is provided subject to this Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . on the ICS webpage on  ; we’d welcome your feedback. with any questions. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. The application of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior allows users to perform certain actions via HTTP requests without performing any validity checks to verify the requests. An attacker could exploit this to perform certain actions with administrative privileges if a logged-in user visits a malicious web site. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A stack-based buffer overflow exists affecting several CGI binaries of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior. The vulnerability is caused due to a boundary error in the processing of a user input which an attacker could exploit to cause a buffer overflow. Successful exploitation could allow execution of arbitrary code on the affected device. ). . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including Nice/Nortek encourages users to upgrade to the latest firmware to mitigate the risk of these vulnerabilities. Please see for more information. Nice also recommends the following defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities: See for additional information. Gjoko Krstic from Zero Science Lab reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Users should contact
