). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to ). Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( . A base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The implementation of the RPC (Remote Procedure call) communication protocol in the affected products do not properly handle certain malformed RPC messages. An attacker could use this vulnerability to cause a denial-of-service condition in the RPC server.  . A base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The implementation of the RPC (Remote Procedure call) communication protocol in the affected products do not properly handle certain unorganized RPC messages. An attacker could use this vulnerability to cause a denial-of-service condition in the RPC server. The following products of Siemens are affected:  could allow an attacker to cause a persistent denial-of-service condition in the RPC Server of these products. As of January 10 2023 CISA will no longer be updating ICS security advisories for Siemens product vulnerabilities beyond the initial advisory.For the most up-to-date information on vulnerabilities in this advisory please see and following recommendations in the product manuals. ). Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the Siemens ProductCERT reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-753746 in . ; we’d welcome your feedback. We recently updated our anonymous policy. and this This product is provided subject to this Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: . and .
