All affected versions can be fixed by upgrading to AVEVA PI Server version 2023 Patch 1 or later. From AVEVA recommends the following defensive measures: AVEVA recommends that organizations evaluate the impact of these vulnerabilities based on their operational environment architecture and product implementation. Users with the affected products should apply security updates as soon as possible. search for PI Server and select version 2018 SP3 Patch 6. For an alternative fix AVEVA PI Server 2018 SP3 Patch 5 and prior can be fixed by deploying AVEVA PI Server version 2018 SP3 Patch 6 or later. From search for PI Server and select version 2023 Patch 1. AVEVA reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. The following versions of AVEVA PI Server are affected: has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( AVEVA PI Server versions 2023 and 2018 SP3 P05 and prior contain a vulnerability that could allow an unauthenticated user to cause the PI Message Subsystem of a PI Server to consume available memory resulting in throttled processing of new PI Data Archive events and a partial denial-of-service condition. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( AVEVA PI Server versions 2023 and 2018 SP3 P05 and prior contain a vulnerability that could allow an unauthenticated user to remotely crash the PI Message Subsystem of a PI Server resulting in a denial-of-service condition.  could allow an attacker to crash the product being accessed or throttle the memory leading to a partial denial-of-service condition. For more information on this vulnerability including security updates users should see security bulletin ). . . CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: We recently updated our anonymous and this This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . policy. Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at ; we’d welcome your feedback. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  in the technical information paper
