The affected product is vulnerable to an OS command injection which may allow remote code execution on the underlying operating system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected product allows an unauthenticated user to invoke a method that may modify the administrator account password. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The following versions of ViewPower Pro an Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS) management software are affected: When a specific service of the affected product receives a certain message from an unauthenticated user that process may stop. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected product deserializes untrusted data without sufficiently verifying the resulting data will be valid. Simon Janz (@esj4y) of Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative reported these vulnerabilities to CISA.  could allow an attacker to create a denial-of-service condition obtain administrator credentials or achieve remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Voltronic Power did not respond to CISA's attempts at coordination. Users of Voltronic Power products are encouraged to contact Voltronic Power and keep their systems up to date. We recently updated our anonymous CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: ; we’d welcome your feedback. policy. This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . and this Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  in the technical information paper
