). Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has released new versions for the affected products and recommends to update to the latest versions: Parasolid V35.0: Update to V35.0.263 or Parasolid V35.0: Update to V35.0.251 or Parasolid V36.0: Update to V36.0.198 or Parasolid V35.0 Parasolid V35.1: Do not open untrusted XT files in Parasolid A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for CVE-2023-49125. A base score of 4.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Parasolid V35.1: Update to V35.1.252 or ).  The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted XT files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition. ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for CVE-2023-49125. A base score of 7.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted files containing XT format. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. The following products of Siemens are affected:  could allow an attacker to leverage the vulnerability to perform remote code execution in the context of the current process. Parasolid V35.1: Update to V35.1.170 or  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: and As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to ; .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . Do not open untrusted XT files in Parasolid. Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . in the technical information paper . and following recommendations in the product manuals. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-797296 in Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the    .  including .
