. In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an unauthenticated user with network access could obtain access to sensitive information or cause a denial-of-service condition. ; . .  including  ). . . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: web page. . Emerson recommends end users continue to use current cybersecurity industry best practices and in the event such infrastructure is not implemented within an end user's network the user should take action to ensure the affected product is connected to a well-protected network and not connected to the Internet. For more information refer to the Emerson recommends end users update the affected products' firmware. For update information contact CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Vera Mens of Claroty Research reported these vulnerabilities to Emerson. in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities have a high attack complexity.  and this policy. ).  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an unauthenticated user with network access could bypass authentication and acquire admin capabilities.  could allow an unauthenticated attacker with network access to run arbitrary commands access sensitive information cause a denial-of-service condition and bypass authentication to acquire admin capabilities. The following Emerson Rosemount Gas Chromatographs are affected: In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an unauthenticated user with network access could execute arbitrary commands in root context from a remote computer. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an authenticated user with network access could run arbitrary commands from a remote computer. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ).
