https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-04,""
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-011-09,"; . and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). The intermediate installation system state of the affected application uses default credential with admin privileges. An attacker could use the credentials to gain complete control of the affected device. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application allows IP configuration change without authentication to the device. This could allow an attacker to cause denial of service condition. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The intermediate installation system state of the affected application allows an attacker to add their own login credentials to the device. This allows an attacker to remotely login as root and take control of the device even after the affected device is fully set up. The following products of Siemens are affected:  could allow an attacker to remotely login as root or cause denial of service condition of the device.    Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( and policy. For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-777015 in  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . and this . .  including   . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-011-10,"For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-702935 in . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. The following Siemens products with maxView Storage Manager on Windows are affected: has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 10.0 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( In default installations of maxView Storage Manager where Redfish® server is configured for remote system management a vulnerability has been identified that can provide unauthorized access.  could allow and attacker to obtain remote unauthorized access.   and ). . .  including . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: ; . policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. .  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for .  in the technical information paper "
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-011-11,"). The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted PAR file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected application is vulnerable to uninitialized pointer access while parsing specially crafted PAR files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to use specially crafted PAR files to execute code in the context of the current process.   ). ). The affected application is vulnerable to uninitialized pointer access while parsing specially crafted PAR files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ; .  policy. and this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   .  The affected application is vulnerable to uninitialized pointer access while parsing specially crafted PAR files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . and following recommendations in the product manuals. For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-589891 in and . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-016-01,"Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper .  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. . and this policy.  Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for  .  including  . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: for additional information. Esjay (@esj4y) working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative reported this vulnerability to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( When the affected product processes XML information unrestricted file access can occur. The following versions of MOVITOOLS MotionStudio are affected: ; . . SEW-EURODRIVE has acknowledged the vulnerability and is currently working to resolve the issue. An advisory update will be forthcoming. Users of affected versions of MOVITOOLS MotionStudio are invited to contact  could result in open access to file information."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-016-02," has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is (  could allow a remote attacker to add content to the log file. ; . ). Sam Hanson of Dragos reported this vulnerability to CISA. Integration Objects has released a security fix (version 1.0.0 fix 20240123) of the OPC UA Server Toolkit aimed at mitigating potential risks of the vulnerability. to all users of the OPC UA Server Toolkit demo version. The full version of the security fix is available for users who acquired the full version of the toolkit and have valid support contracts. These customers are invited to contact the Integration Objects sales team to check their support contract status and access to the full version of the security fix. Integration Objects published a CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .   .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time.  and this policy.  OPCUAServerToolkit will write a log message once an OPC UA client has successfully connected containing the client's self-defined description field. The following versions of OPC UA Server Toolkit OPC library designed to allow creation of OPC DA DX and HDA servers software are affected:"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-018-01,"The following versions of AVEVA PI Server are affected: ; .  could allow an attacker to crash the product being accessed or throttle the memory leading to a partial denial-of-service condition.  For more information on this vulnerability including security updates users should see security bulletin and this . policy. .  including   . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: . AVEVA recommends the following defensive measures: AVEVA recommends that organizations evaluate the impact of these vulnerabilities based on their operational environment architecture and product implementation. Users with the affected products should apply security updates as soon as possible. search for PI Server and select version 2018 SP3 Patch 6. For an alternative fix AVEVA PI Server 2018 SP3 Patch 5 and prior can be fixed by deploying AVEVA PI Server version 2018 SP3 Patch 6 or later. From CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for search for PI Server and select version 2023 Patch 1. AVEVA reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at AVEVA PI Server versions 2023 and 2018 SP3 P05 and prior contain a vulnerability that could allow an unauthenticated user to cause the PI Message Subsystem of a PI Server to consume available memory resulting in throttled processing of new PI Data Archive events and a partial denial-of-service condition. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( AVEVA PI Server versions 2023 and 2018 SP3 P05 and prior contain a vulnerability that could allow an unauthenticated user to remotely crash the PI Message Subsystem of a PI Server resulting in a denial-of-service condition. in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time.  All affected versions can be fixed by upgrading to AVEVA PI Server version 2023 Patch 1 or later. From ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-023-01,"; . APsystems ENERGY COMMUNICATION UNIT (ECU-C) Power Control Software V4.1NA V3.11.4 W2.1NA V4.1SAA C1.2.2 allows attackers to access sensitive data and execute specific commands and functions with full admin rights. The following APsystems products are affected:  policy. and this  Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for  could allow an attacker to access sensitive data and execute specific commands and functions with full admin rights without authenticating. .   . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: for additional information. APSystems has not responded to requests to work with CISA to mitigate this vulnerability. Users of the affected product are encouraged to contact CISA discovered public proof of concept as authored by Momen Eldawakhly (Cyber Guy) Samurai Digital Security Ltd. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( .  including No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-023-02,"Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at  could allow an attacker to escalate their privileges to root-level access. The following Crestron AirMedia Presentation System products are affected: There is an OS command injection vulnerability in Crestron AM-300 firmware version 1.4499.00018 which may enable a user of a limited-access SSH session to escalate their privileges to root-level access. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is . Uri Katz of Claroty Research Team82 reported this vulnerability to CISA. ; . Crestron has resolved this vulnerability in firmware version 1.4499.00023.001 or higher. Please see or contact True Blue Support for additional information. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .  .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for  in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely.  and this policy.  ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-023-03,". .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at   and this policy. ; .  in the technical information paper  . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time.  could allow an attacker to create a denial-of-service condition obtain administrator credentials or achieve remote code execution. The following versions of ViewPower Pro an Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS) management software are affected: The affected product deserializes untrusted data without sufficiently verifying the resulting data will be valid. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). When a specific service of the affected product receives a certain message from an unauthenticated user that process may stop. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. The affected product is vulnerable to an OS command injection which may allow remote code execution on the underlying operating system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected product allows an unauthenticated user to invoke a method that may modify the administrator account password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Simon Janz (@esj4y) of Trend Micro's Zero Day Initiative reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). Voltronic Power did not respond to CISA's attempts at coordination. Users of Voltronic Power products are encouraged to contact Voltronic Power and keep their systems up to date."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-023-04,". .  including  CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Westermo recommends following best practices for hardening such as restricting access disable unused services (attack surface reduction) etc. to mitigate the reported vulnerabilities.  . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. in the technical information paper . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time.  An attacker with access to the web application with vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the dns.0.server parameter.  ; . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at policy. and this ). Aarón Flecha Menéndez Iván Alonso Álvarez and Víctor Bello Cuevas reported these vulnerabilities to CISA.  could allow an attacker to access the web application inject arbitrary code execute malicious code obtain sensitive information or execute a malicious request. The following versions of Lynx 206-F2G a layer three industrial Ethernet switch are affected: An attacker with access to the web application that has the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the forward.0.domain parameter. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An attacker with access to the web application that has the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the autorefresh parameter. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A potential attacker with access to the device would be able to execute malicious code that could affect the correct functioning of the device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A potential attacker with access to the device would be able to execute malicious code that could affect the correct functioning of the device. ). The cross-site request forgery token in the request may be predictable or easily guessable allowing attackers to craft a malicious request which could be triggered by a victim unknowingly. In a successful CSRF attack the attacker could lead the victim user to carry out an action unintentionally. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An attacker with access to the network where the affected devices are located could maliciously actions to obtain via a sniffer sensitive information exchanged via TCP communications. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnera or craft a malicious request.bility. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An attacker with access to the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the username parameter in the SNMP configuration. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( )."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-023-05," could allow an attacker to obtain credentials.  The following versions of XPort a device server configuration manager are affected: Lantronix XPort sends weakly encoded credentials within web request headers. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Aarón Flecha Menéndez of S21Sec reported this vulnerability to CISA. Lantronix states that XPort is an old legacy product and is not designed for strong encryption or TLS/SSL encryption. Users who require stronger encryption are encouraged to upgrade to CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .  in the technical information paper . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks:  and this  .  including policy. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. ; ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-025-01,"CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities. Specifically users should: .  on the ICS webpage at .  including . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at for additional information. in the technical information paper Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time.  and this policy.  . FeverWarn and the associated cloud service were pandemic-specific products for elevated body temperature scanning discontinued by MachineSense prior to the end of the pandemic. They are no longer available and there will be no future availability or upgrades. MachineSense is not aware of any current users of FeverWarn. Users of the affected product are encouraged to  could allow an attacker to obtain user data from devices execute remote code on devices or gain control over devices to perform malicious actions. ). The cloud provider MachineSense uses for integration and deployment for multiple MachineSense devices such as the programmable logic controller (PLC) PumpSense PowerAnalyzer FeverWarn and others is insufficiently protected against unauthorized access. An attacker with access to the internal procedures could view source code secret credentials and more. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Multiple MachineSense devices have credentials unable to be changed by the user or administrator. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The MachineSense application programmable interface (API) is improperly protected and can be accessed without authentication. A remote attacker could retrieve and modify sensitive information without any authentication. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 10.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). MachineSense devices use unauthenticated MQTT messaging to monitor devices and remote viewing of sensor data by users. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). MachineSense FeverWarn devices are configured as Wi-Fi hosts in a way that attackers within range could connect to the device's web services and compromise the device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). MachineSense FeverWarn Raspberry Pi-based devices lack input sanitization which could allow an attacker on an adjacent network to send a message running commands or could overflow the stack. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ; . Vera Mens of Claroty Research reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. The following components of the FeverWarn ecosystem an IoT-based skin temperature scanning system are affected:"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-025-02,". SystemK NVR 504/508/516 versions 2.3.5SK.30084998 and prior are vulnerable to a command injection vulnerability in the dynamic domain name system (DDNS) settings that could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges. The following versions of SystemK NVR a network video recorder are affected:  could allow an attacker to execute commands with root privileges. CISA discovered a public Proof of Concept (PoC) as authored by Keniver Wang. SystemK has not responded to requests to work with CISA to mitigate this vulnerability. Users of affected versions of SystemK NVR products are invited to contact for additional information. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .   .  including ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time.  and this policy.  ; . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-030-01,". In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an unauthenticated user with network access could obtain access to sensitive information or cause a denial-of-service condition. ; . .  including  ). . . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: web page. . Emerson recommends end users continue to use current cybersecurity industry best practices and in the event such infrastructure is not implemented within an end user's network the user should take action to ensure the affected product is connected to a well-protected network and not connected to the Internet. For more information refer to the Emerson recommends end users update the affected products' firmware. For update information contact CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Vera Mens of Claroty Research reported these vulnerabilities to Emerson. in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities have a high attack complexity.  and this policy. ).  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an unauthenticated user with network access could bypass authentication and acquire admin capabilities.  could allow an unauthenticated attacker with network access to run arbitrary commands access sensitive information cause a denial-of-service condition and bypass authentication to acquire admin capabilities. The following Emerson Rosemount Gas Chromatographs are affected: In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an unauthenticated user with network access could execute arbitrary commands in root context from a remote computer. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Emerson Rosemount GC370XA GC700XA and GC1500XA products an authenticated user with network access could run arbitrary commands from a remote computer. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). )."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-030-02,". Mitsubishi Electric recommends users take the following mitigation measures to minimize the risk of exploiting these vulnerabilities: Reid Wightman of Dragos reported these vulnerabilities to Mitsubishi Electric. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A remote unauthenticated attacker may be able to bypass authentication by sending specially crafted packets and connect to the products. The following versions of Mitsubishi Electric FA Engineering Software Products are affected:  could allow an attacker to disclose tamper with destroy or delete information in the products or cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition on the products. An attacker may be able to execute a malicious code by remotely calling a function with a path to a malicious library while connected to the products. As a result unauthorized users may disclose tamper with destroy or delete information in the products or cause a denial-of-service (DoS) condition on the products.  For more information see Mitsubishi Electric's .  including ; .   and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. policy. in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-030-03,". For more information see Mitsubishi Electric's Mitsubishi Electric recommends that users take the following mitigation measures to minimize the risk of exploiting this vulnerability: Mitsubishi Electric reported this vulnerability to CISA. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An authentication bypass vulnerability exists in the MELSEC WS Series Ethernet Interface Modules. A remote unauthenticated attacker can bypass authentication by capture-replay attack and login to the modules. As a result the remote attacker who has logged in may be able to disclose or tamper with the programs and parameters in the modules. The following versions of Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC WS Series Ethernet Interface Modules are affected:  could allow an unauthorized attacker to login to the modules and disclose or tamper with the programs and parameters in the modules.  ).  . .  including . ; .  and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability has a high attack complexity. policy. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-030-04,". CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: .   .  including CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA has received reports of this vulnerability being actively exploited. Hitron Systems has released the following updates for their DVR: and this policy. . Aline Eliovich Chad Seaman and Larry Cashdollar of Akamai Technologies reported this vulnerability to CISA.  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is (  could allow an attacker to affect the availability of the product through exploitation of an improper input validation vulnerability and default credentials. The following versions of Hitron Systems DVR a digital video recorder are affected: An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR HVR-4781 versions 1.03 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR HVR-8781 versions 1.03 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR HVR-16781 versions 1.03 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR LGUVR-4H versions 1.02 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR LGUVR-8H versions 1.02 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR LGUVR-16H versions 1.02 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. ). ). ; ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-030-05,"  could allow an attacker to crash the device by exploiting a Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerability. The following versions of Rockwell Automation ControlLogix and GuardLogix programmable logic controllers are affected: A Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerability exists that if exploited the product could potentially experience a major nonrecoverable fault (MNRF).The device will restart itself to recover from the MNRF. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Rockwell Automation reported this vulnerability to CISA. Rockwell Automation users with the affected software are encouraged to apply the risk mitigations if possible. Additionally Rockwell Automation encourages users to implement their suggested security best practices to minimize the risk of vulnerability. . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .  .  including For more information see Rockwell Automation's CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. ; . . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-030-06,"CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: and this  policy.  ; . No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. . .  .  including  could allow an attacker to retrieve user information and modify settings without any authentication. The following Rockwell Automation products are affected: A vulnerability exists in the affected product that allows a malicious user to obtain the service token and use it for authentication on another FTSP directory. This is due to the lack of digital signing between the FTSP service token and directory. If exploited a malicious user could potentially retrieve user information and modify settings without any authentication. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Rockwell recommends the following: CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .  Rockwell Automation reported this vulnerability to CISA."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-030-07,"has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpApp component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpApp component to write threat actor-controlled data to memory which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The following Rockwell Automation products are affected:  could allow an authenticated attacker to use specifically crafted communication requests to perform a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpApp component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). ). After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests with inconsistent content can cause the CmpApp/CmpAppBP/CmpAppForce components to read internally from an invalid address potentially leading to a denial-of-service condition. After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpTraceMgr component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution.  . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this these vulnerabilities such as: Additional information can be found in the to generate more environment-specific prioritization. Users can use  Rockwell Automation recommend users using the affected software to apply the risk mitigations if possible: ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the cmpFiletransfer component to dereference addresses provided by the request for internal read access which can lead to a denial-of-service situation. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Rockwell Automation reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. .  including After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests with inconsistent content can cause the CmpFiletransfer component to read internally from an invalid address potentially leading to a denial-of-service condition. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . ). After successful authentication specifically crafted communication requests can cause the CmpAppForce component to write threat actor-controlled data to stack which can lead to a denial-of-service condition memory overwriting or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ; .  policy. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is (  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . and this"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-032-01,"Gessler GmbH recommends updating EZ2 to 3.2 or greater and WebMaster to 4.4 or greater to mitigate these vulnerabilities. Updates have to be applied by Gessler GmbH technicians. For more information contact Felix Eberstaller and Nino Fürthauer of Limes Security reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 4.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Gessler GmbH WEB-MASTER has a restoration account that uses weak hard coded credentials and if exploited could allow an attacker control over the web management of the device. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( . The following versions of Gessler GmbH WEB-MASTER an emergency lighting management system are affected:  could allow a user to take control of the web management of the device. An attacker with access to the device could also extract and break the password hashes for all users stored on the device. Gessler GmbH WEB-MASTER user account is stored using a weak hashing algorithm. The attacker can restore the passwords by breaking the hashes stored on the device.  . .  including   policy. and this ; . No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time.  . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-032-03," CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. . For additional information please refer to AVEVA's security advisory .   ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The vulnerability if exploited could allow a malicious entity with access to the file system to achieve arbitrary code execution and privilege escalation by tricking AVEVA Edge to load an unsafe DLL. The following AVEVA Edge products (formerly known as InduSoft Web Studio) are affected: AVEVA recommends users upgrade to AVEVA Edge 2023 or AVEVA Edge 2020 R2 SP2 P01 as soon as possible. Upgrades can be downloaded from the AVEVA official website:  could result in an attacker achieving arbitrary code execution and privilege escalation by tricking AVEVA Edge to load an unsafe DLL. Ting Chen of UESTC discovered and disclosed this vulnerability to AVEVA. ADLab of Venustech discovered and disclosed this vulnerability to AVEVA. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for .  including ; .  policy. and this  . CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-037-01,"CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: Harden your HID OMNIKEY Readers HID iCLASS SE Reader Modules HID iCLASS SE Processors from configuration changes Harden your iCLASS SE Readers from configuration changes Protect your credentials and disable legacy technologies. Protect your reader configuration cards. ). . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Certain configuration available in the communication channel for encoders could expose sensitive data when reader configuration cards are programmed. This data could include credential and device administration keys.  could allow an attacker to read data from reader configuration cards and credentials. Reader configuration cards contain credential and device administration keys which could be used to create malicious configuration cards or credentials. HID advises users to take the following steps to mitigate these threats.  The following HID products are affected when configured as an encoder: .  including  ; .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. This vulnerability has a high attack complexity. HID Global reported this vulnerability to CISA. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-037-02,"HID OMNIKEY Readers OMNIKEY Secure Elements iCLASS SE Reader Modules iCLASS SE Processors iCLASS SE Readers HID has also provided additional steps users can take steps to harden their readers to prevent malicious configuration changes. . Customers using the HID standard key and other customers who are concerned their keys may be compromised should consider steps to update the readers and credentials with new keys. To assist in this effort HID will be introducing a free upgrade to the Elite Key program. Contact your HID representative for more information at Elite Key and Custom Key customers that have kept their configuration cards secure should continue to be vigilant and restrict access to those cards. To exploit this vulnerability a reader must be physically close to or in possession of the configuration cards to communicate with the card and extract information. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: HID Global recommends the following mitigations to reduce the risk: HID Global reported this vulnerability to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Sensitive data can be extracted from HID iCLASS SE reader configuration cards. This could include credential and device administrator keys. Administrators should plan to securely destroy unneeded configuration cards. . .  including  . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely.  and this policy.  ; .  in the technical information paper  could allow an attacker to read the credential and device administration keys from a configuration card. Those keys could be used to create malicious configuration cards or credentials. The following HID products are affected:"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-039-01,"policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for  .   . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: Johnson Controls has provided the following recommendations for its subsidiary company Qolsys Inc to help reduce the risk of the vulnerability: Cody Jung reported this vulnerability to Johnson Controls Inc. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Qolsys IQ Panel 4 and IQ4 Hub versions prior to 4.4.2 panel software under certain circumstances could allow unauthorized access to settings. The following products from Qolsys Inc a subsidiary of Johnson Controls are affected: .  including  could allow the panel software under certain circumstances to provide unauthorized access to settings. ; ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-044-01,"  could allow a non-administrator user to disclose the credentials (user ID and password) of a user with a lower access level than themselves. Mitsubishi Electric reports that the following MELSEC iQ-R Series products are affected: Information disclosure vulnerability due to incorrect privilege assignment exists in MELSEC iQ-R Series Safety CPU and SIL2 Process CPU modules. After a remote attacker logs into the CPU module as a non-administrator user the attacker may disclose the credentials (user ID and password) of a user with a lower access level than the attacker by sending a specially crafted packet. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Reid Wightman of Dragos Inc. reported this vulnerability to Mitsubishi Electric. When MELSEC iQ-R Series Safety CPU versions 27 or later is used with GX Works3 versions 1.087R or later this attack can be prevented by enabling communicating with only the enhanced version of vulnerability management of GX Works3 when writing user information to the CPU module. Mitsubishi Electric will implement the workaround in other products in the near future. Please contact your local Mitsubishi Electric representative to update your CPU module to the one listed above. Mitsubishi Electric recommends that users take the following mitigation measures to minimize the risk of exploiting this vulnerability: For specific update instructions and additional details see . and this CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. .  .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time.  policy. ; . "
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-01,"Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the CLI service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the BLE daemon service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the Wi-Fi Uplink service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerability exists in the soft ap daemon accessed via the PAPI protocol.  results in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: ). Multiple authenticated command injection vulnerabilities exist in the command line interface.  result in the ability to execute arbitrary commands as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. ). An authenticated vulnerability has been identified allowing an attacker to effectively establish highly privileged persistent arbitrary code execution across boot cycles. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An authenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerability exists in the CLI service.  results in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens ProductCERT reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is (   could allow an attacker to inject commands or exploit buffer overflow vulnerabilities which could lead to sensitive information disclosure unauthenticated denial-of-service or unauthenticated remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the CLI service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There is an arbitrary file deletion vulnerability in the RSSI service accessed by PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol).  results in the ability to delete arbitrary files on the underlying operating system which could lead to the ability to interrupt normal operation and impact the integrity of the access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are arbitrary file deletion vulnerabilities in the AirWave client service accessed by PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol).  result in the ability to delete arbitrary files on the underlying operating system which could lead to the ability to interrupt normal operation and impact the integrity of the access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are arbitrary file deletion vulnerabilities in the CLI service accessed by PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol).  result in the ability to delete arbitrary files on the underlying operating system which could lead to the ability to interrupt normal operation and impact the integrity of the access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There is a buffer overflow vulnerability in the underlying AirWave client service that could lead to unauthenticated remote code execution by sending specially crafted packets destined to the PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol) UDP port (8211).  results in the ability to execute arbitrary code as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are buffer overflow vulnerabilities in the underlying CLI service that could lead to unauthenticated remote code execution by sending specially crafted packets destined to the PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol) UDP port (8211).  result in the ability to execute arbitrary code as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are buffer overflow vulnerabilities in the underlying CLI service that could lead to unauthenticated remote code execution by sending specially crafted packets destined to the PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol) UDP port (8211).  result in the ability to execute arbitrary code as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. The following products of Siemens are affected:  As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. ; .  and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . policy. . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-716164 in . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: and   .  including ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-02,"). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 8.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( . An infinite loop in OPC UA .NET Standard Stack 1.04.368 allows a remote attackers to cause the application to hang via a crafted message. ). Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: . A base score of 8.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( . Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has released a new version of SIDIS Prime and recommends users update to the latest version: As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. The BN_mod_sqrt() function in openSSL which computes a modular square root contains a bug that can cause it to loop forever for non-prime moduli. Internally this function is used when parsing certificates that contain elliptic curve public keys in compressed form or explicit elliptic curve parameters with a base point encoded in compressed form. It is possible to trigger an infinite loop by crafting a certificate that has invalid explicit curve parameters. Since certificate parsing happens prior to verification of the certificate signature any process that parses an externally supplied certificate may thus be subject to a denial-of-service attack. The infinite loop can also be reached when parsing crafted private keys as they can contain explicit elliptic curve parameters. Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . . A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for    could allow an unauthenticated attacker with access to the network where SIDIS Prime is installed to reuse OPC UA client credentials create a denial-of-service condition of the SIDIS Prime OPC UA client or create a denial-of-service condition of the SIDIS Prime TLS service. The following Siemens products are affected: In OPC Foundation OPC UA .NET Standard codebase 1.4.357.28 servers do not create sufficiently random numbers in OPCFoundation.NetStandard.Opc.Ua before 1.4.359.31 which allows man-in-the-middle attackers to reuse encrypted user credentials sent over the network. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 9.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( . Server or client applications that call the SSL_check_chain() function during or after a TLS 1.3 handshake may crash due to a NULL pointer dereference as a result of incorrect handling of the signature_algorithms_cert TLS extension. The crash occurs if an invalid or unrecognized signature algorithm is received from the peer. This could be exploited by a malicious peer in a denial-of-service attack. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 8.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( . The X.509 GeneralName type is a generic type for representing different types of names. One of those name types is known as EDIPartyName. OpenSSL provides a function GENERAL_NAME_cmp which compares different instances of a GENERAL_NAME to see if they are equal or not. This function behaves incorrectly when both GENERAL_NAMEs contain an EDIPARTYNAME. A NULL pointer dereference and a crash may occur leading to a possible denial-of-service attack. OpenSSL itself uses the GENERAL_NAME_cmp function for two purposes: 1) Comparing CRL distribution point names between an available CRL and a CRL distribution point embedded in an X509 certificate. 2) When verifying that a timestamp response token signer matches the timestamp authority name (exposed via the API functions TS_RESP_verify_response and TS_RESP_verify_token). If an attacker can control both items being compared then that attacker could trigger a crash. For example if the attacker can trick a client or server into checking a malicious certificate against a malicious CRL then this may occur. Note that some applications automatically download CRLs based on a URL embedded in a certificate. This checking happens prior to the signatures on the certificate and CRL being verified. OpenSSL's s_server s_client and verify tools have support for the -crl_download option which implements automatic CRL downloading and this attack has been demonstrated to work against those tools. Note that an unrelated bug means that affected versions of OpenSSL cannot parse or construct correct encodings of EDIPARTYNAME. However it is possible to construct a malformed EDIPARTYNAME that OpenSSL's parser will accept and hence trigger this attack. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). . A base score of 8.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-108696 in . . and ; .  policy. and this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. .  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for .  including    in the technical information paper"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-03,"   .  including . ; . policy. .  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. This vulnerability has a high attack complexity. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . and this CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. and   The Treck TCP/IP stack on affected devices improperly handles length parameter inconsistencies. Unauthenticated remote attackers may be able to send specially crafted IP packets which could lead to a denial of service condition or remote code execution. The following Siemens products are affected: The Treck TCP/IP stack on affected devices improperly handles length parameter inconsistencies. Unauthenticated remote attackers may be able to send specially crafted IP packets which could lead to a denial-of-service condition or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). . A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-647068 in . A base score of 7.7 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-04," in the technical information paper  .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. . . No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time.  and this policy.  ; . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. .  For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-516818 in  could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to create a denial-of-service condition by injecting spoofed TCP RST packets. The following Siemens products are affected: Affected products incorrectly validate TCP sequence numbers. This could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to create a denial-of-service condition by injecting spoofed TCP RST packets. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). and . A base score of 8.7 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-05,"Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-580228 in ). ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected products use a hard-coded secret value for the computation of a Keyed-Hash Message Authentication Code. This could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to gain full administrative access to the application. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to obtain full administrative access to the application.   and . A base score of 9.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as:  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . ; . . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   in the technical information paper"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-06,"and For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-543502 in . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). The windows installer agent used in affected product contains incorrect use of privileged APIs that trigger the Windows Console Host (conhost.exe) as a child process with SYSTEM privileges. This could be exploited by an attacker to perform a local privilege escalation attack. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to gain SYSTEM privileges.   . A base score of 8.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( . . . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: ; .  policy.  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. and this Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including  in the technical information paper "
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-07,"has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted SPP files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition.  A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). . A base score of 4.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is (   The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted SPP files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted SPP files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted WRL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). ).  . A base score of 4.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for    could allow an attacker to crash the application or execute arbitrary code if a user is tricked into opening a malicious file. The following Siemens products are affected: The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted WRL file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted WRL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted WRL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). . A base score of 4.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Siemens also recommends users do not open untrusted WRL PSOBJ or SPP files from using Tecnomatix Plant Simulation  . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-017796 in and . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:   .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely.  and this policy.  ; . ). Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. . ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to  The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted SPP file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted SPP files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted PSOBJ files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-08,"and . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-665034 in Siemens recommends the following:  ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A missing authentication check in the WebSocket channel used for the Check Point IoT integration in Nozomi Networks Guardian and CMC may allow an unauthenticated attacker to obtain assets data without authentication. The following products with Nozomi Guardian/CMC are affected:  could allow an unauthenticated attacker to obtain assets data without authentication.  . Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. .     policy. and this No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. ; . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . .  including"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-09,"). Affected devices can be configured to send emails when certain events occur on the device. When presented with an invalid response from the SMTP server the device triggers an error that disrupts email sending. An attacker with access to the network can use this to do disable notification of users when certain events occur. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Affected devices do not properly sanitize an input field. This could allow an authenticated remote attacker with administrative privileges to inject code or spawn a system root shell. Follow-up of CVE-2022-36323. An improper neutralization of special elements used in an OS command with root privileges vulnerability exists in the handling of the DDNS configuration. This could allow malicious local administrators to issue commands on system level after a successful IP address update. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper neutralization of special elements used in an OS command with root privileges vulnerability exists in the parsing of the IPSEC configuration. This could allow malicious local administrators to issue commands on system level after a new connection is established. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 2.7 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.1 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected devices do not properly validate the length of inputs when performing certain configuration changes in the web interface allowing an authenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition. The device needs to be restarted for the web interface to become available again. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected devices do not properly validate the authentication when performing certain modifications in the web interface allowing an authenticated attacker to influence the user interface configured by an administrator. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.9 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected devices use a weak checksum algorithm to protect the configuration backup that an administrator can export from the device. This could allow an authenticated attacker with administrative privileges or an attacker that tricks a legitimate administrator to upload a modified configuration file to change the configuration of an affected device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected products do not properly validate the content of uploaded X509 certificates which could allow an attacker with administrative privileges to execute arbitrary code on the device. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to escalate privileges execute arbitrary code or spawn a system root shell on the affected system.   has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at Siemens has released new versions for several affected products and recommends users update to the latest versions. Siemens recommends countermeasures for products where fixes are not or not yet available: Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ; .  policy. and this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for .   .  including As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. Siemens also recommends users restrict access to application webserver for trusted users only. . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and .   For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-602936 in"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-10,"A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted Catia MODEL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. (ZDI-CAN-22055) has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is (  A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted Catia MODEL file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. (ZDI-CAN-22059) has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted Catia MODEL file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. (ZDI-CAN-21715) has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for   could allow an attacker to crash the application or execute arbitrary code if a user is tricked to open a malicious file on an affected product. The following Siemens products are affected: The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted Catia MODEL file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. (ZDI-CAN-21710) ).  A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ).  The affected application is vulnerable to memory corruption while parsing specially crafted Catia MODEL files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. (ZDI-CAN-21712) has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the  .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely.  and this  ; . ).   policy. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for . A base score of 7.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: ). As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to . Additionally Siemens recommends that customers do not open untrusted Catia MODEL files from using Simcenter Femap. and The affected application is vulnerable to uninitialized pointer access while parsing specially crafted Catia MODEL files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the current process. (ZDI-CAN-22060) . and following recommendations in the product manuals. For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-000072 in"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-11,"3.2.124 3.2.121 A path traversal vulnerability exists in curl <8.0.0 SFTP implementation causes the tilde () character to be wrongly replaced when used as a prefix in the first path element in addition to its intended use as the first element to indicate a path relative to the user's home directory. Attackers can exploit this flaw to bypass filtering or execute arbitrary code by crafting a path like /2/foo while accessing a server with a specific user. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.122 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An issue was discovered in Dnsmasq before 2.90. The default maximum EDNS.0 UDP packet size was set to 4096 but should be 1232 because of DNS Flag Day 2020. An authentication bypass vulnerability exists libcurl prior to 8.0.0 in the connection reuse feature which can reuse previously established connections with incorrect user permissions due to a failure to check for changes in the CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION option. This vulnerability affects krb5/kerberos/negotiate/GSSAPI transfers and could potentially result in unauthorized access to sensitive information. The safest option is to not reuse connections if the CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION option has been changed. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). An authentication bypass vulnerability exists in libcurl <8.0.0 in the FTP connection reuse feature that can result in wrong credentials being used during subsequent transfers. Previously created connections are kept in a connection pool for reuse if they match the current setup. However certain FTP settings such as CURLOPT_FTP_ACCOUNT CURLOPT_FTP_ALTERNATIVE_TO_USER CURLOPT_FTP_SSL_CCC and CURLOPT_USE_SSL were not included in the configuration match checks causing them to match too easily. This could lead to libcurl using the wrong credentials when performing a transfer potentially allowing unauthorized access to sensitive information. 3.2.123 3.2.119 HTTP response smuggling vulnerability in Apache HTTP Server via mod_proxy_uwsgi. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server: from 2.4.30 through 2.4.55. Special characters in the origin response header can truncate/split the response forwarded to the client. 3.2.120 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( loadImage() in tools/tiffcrop.c in LibTIFF through 4.5.0 has a heap-based use after free via a crafted TIFF image. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Epiphany (aka GNOME Web) through 43.0 untrusted web content can trick users into exfiltrating passwords because autofill occurs in sandboxed contexts. 3.2.118 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In phpMyAdmin before 4.9.11 and 5.x before 5.2.1 an authenticated user can trigger XSS by uploading a crafted .sql file through the drag-and-drop interface. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.117 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.129 do_tls_getsockopt in net/tls/tls_main.c in the Linux kernel through 6.2.6 lacks a lock_sock call leading to a race condition (with a resultant use after free or NULL pointer dereference). 3.2.133 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Extremely large RSA keys in certificate chains can cause a client/server to expend significant CPU time verifying signatures. With fix the size of RSA keys transmitted during handshakes is restricted to <= 8192 bits. Based on a survey of publicly trusted RSA keys there are currently only three certificates in circulation with keys larger than this and all three appear to be test certificates that are not actively deployed. It is possible there are larger keys in use in private PKIs but we target the web PKI so causing breakage here in the interests of increasing the default safety of users of crypto/tls seems reasonable. 3.2.132 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The HTTP/1 client does not fully validate the contents of the host header. A maliciously crafted host header can inject additional headers or entire requests. With fix the HTTP/1 client now refuses to send requests containing an invalid Request.Host or Request.URL.Host value. 3.2.131 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The go command may execute arbitrary code at build time when using cgo. This may occur when running go get on a malicious module or when running any other command which builds untrusted code. This is can by triggered by linker flags specified via a #cgo LDFLAGS directive. Flags containing embedded spaces are mishandled allowing disallowed flags to be smuggled through the LDFLAGS sanitization by including them in the argument of another flag. This only affects usage of the gccgo compiler. 3.2.130 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The go command may execute arbitrary code at build time when using cgo. This may occur when running go get on a malicious module or when running any other command which builds untrusted code. This is can by triggered by linker flags specified via a #cgo LDFLAGS directive. The arguments for a number of flags which are non-optional are incorrectly considered optional allowing disallowed flags to be smuggled through the LDFLAGS sanitization. This affects usage of both the gc and gccgo compilers. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.126 Sudo before 1.9.13 does not escape control characters in log messages. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.125 3.2.127 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.128 The go command may generate unexpected code at build time when using cgo. This may result in unexpected behavior when running a go program which uses cgo. This may occur when running an untrusted module which contains directories with newline characters in their names. Modules which are retrieved using the go command i.e. via go get are not affected (modules retrieved using GOPATH-mode i.e. GO111MODULE=off may be affected). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Sudo before 1.9.13 does not escape control characters in sudoreplay output. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.112 3.2.116 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( tpm2-tss is an open source software implementation of the Trusted Computing Group (TCG) Trusted Platform Module (TPM) 2 Software Stack (TSS2). In affected versions Tss2_RC_SetHandler and Tss2_RC_Decodeboth index into layer_handlerwith an 8 bit layer number but the array only has TPM2_ERROR_TSS2_RC_LAYER_COUNTentries so trying to add a handler for higher-numbered layers or decode a response code with such a layer number reads/writes past the end of the buffer. This buffer overrun could result in arbitrary code execution. An example attack would be a MiTM bus attack that returns 0xFFFFFFFF for the RC. Given the common use case of TPM modules an attacker must have local access to the target machine with local system privileges which allows access to the TPM system. Usually TPM access requires administrative privilege. 3.2.106 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( libgit2 is a cross-platform linkable library implementation of Git. When using an SSH remote with the optional libssh2 backend libgit2 does not perform certificate checking by default. Prior versions of libgit2 require the caller to set the certificate_checkfield of libgit2's git_remote_callbacksstructure - if a certificate check callback is not set libgit2 does not perform any certificate checking. This means that by default - without configuring a certificate check callback clients will not perform validation on the server SSH keys and may be subject to a man-in-the-middle attack. Users are encouraged to upgrade to v1.4.5 or v1.5.1. Users unable to upgrade should ensure that all relevant certificates are manually checked. 3.2.105 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Git is a revision control system. Using a specially-crafted repository Git prior to versions 2.39.2 2.38.4 2.37.6 2.36.5 2.35.7 2.34.7 2.33.7 2.32.6 2.31.7 and 2.30.8 can be tricked into using its local clone optimization even when using a non-local transport. Though Git will abort local clones whose source $GIT_DIR/objectsdirectory contains symbolic links the objectsdirectory itself may still be a symbolic link. These two may be combined to include arbitrary files based on known paths on the victim's filesystem within the malicious repository's working copy allowing for data exfiltration in a similar manner as CVE-2022-39253.A fix has been prepared and will appear in v2.39.2 v2.38.4 v2.37.6 v2.36.5 v2.35.7 v2.34.7 v2.33.7 v2.32.6 v2.31.7 and v2.30.8. If upgrading is impractical two short-term workarounds are available. Avoid cloning repositories from untrusted sources with --recurse-submodules. Instead consider cloning repositories without recursively cloning their submodules and instead run git submodule updateat each layer. Before doing so inspect each new .gitmodulesfile to ensure that it does not contain suspicious module URLs. 3.2.104 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.107 In multiple functions of binder.c there is a possible memory corruption due to a use after free. This could lead to local escalation of privilege with no additional execution privileges needed. User interaction is not needed for exploitation. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue in Zen 2 CPUs under specific microarchitectural circumstances may allow an attacker to potentially access sensitive information. 3.2.102 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A flaw was found in the Linux kernel's TUN/TAP functionality. This issue could allow a local user to bypass network filters and gain unauthorized access to some resources. The original patches fixing CVE-2023-1076 are incorrect or incomplete. The problem is that the following upstream commits - a096ccca6e50 (tun: tun_chr_open(): correctly initialize socket uid) - 66b2c338adce (tap: tap_open(): correctly initialize socket uid) pass inode->i_uid to sock_init_data_uid() as the last parameter and that is not accurate. 3.2.101 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A use-after-free vulnerability in net/sched/cls_fw.c in classifiers (cls_fw cls_u32 and cls_route) in the Linux kernel allows a local attacker to perform a local privilege escalation due to incorrect handling of the existing filter leading to a kernel information leak. 3.2.100 A buffer overflow vulnerability found in Libtiff V.4.0.7 allows a local attacker to cause a denial of service via the tiffcp function in tiffcp.c. ). 3.2.103 cbq_classify in net/sched/sch_cbq.c in the Linux kernel through 6.1.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (slab-out-of-bounds read) because of type confusion (non-negative numbers can sometimes indicate a TC_ACT_SHOT condition rather than valid classification results). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A flaw was found in Binutils. The field the_bfdof asymbol struct is uninitialized in the bfd_mach_o_get_synthetic_symtabfunction which may lead to an application crash and local denial of service. 3.2.115 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( hb-ot-layout-gsubgpos.hh in HarfBuzz through 6.0.0 allows attackers to trigger quadratic growth via consecutive marks during the process of looking back for base glyphs when attaching marks. 3.2.114 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Redis is an in-memory database that persists on disk. Authenticated users issuing specially crafted SRANDMEMBER ZRANDMEMBER and HRANDFIELDcommands can trigger an integer overflow resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. This problem affects all Redis versions. Patches were released in Redis version(s) 6.0.18 6.2.11 and 7.0.9. 3.2.113 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( containerd is an open source container runtime. Before versions 1.6.18 and 1.5.18 when importing an OCI image there was no limit on the number of bytes read for certain files. A maliciously crafted image with a large file where a limit was not applied could cause a denial of service. This bug has been fixed in containerd 1.6.18 and 1.5.18. Users should update to these versions to resolve the issue. As a workaround ensure that only trusted images are used and that only trusted users have permissions to import images. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.108 cryptography is a package designed to expose cryptographic primitives and recipes to Python developers. In affected versions Cipher.update_intowould accept Python objects which implement the buffer protocol but provide only immutable buffers. This would allow immutable objects (such as bytes) to be mutated thus violating fundamental rules of Python and resulting in corrupted output. This now correctly raises an exception. This issue has been present since update_into was originally introduced in cryptography 1.8. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.109 Werkzeug is a comprehensive WSGI web application library. Browsers may allow nameless cookies that look like =valueinstead of key=value. A vulnerable browser may allow a compromised application on an adjacent subdomain to exploit this to set a cookie like =__Host-test=badfor another subdomain. Werkzeug prior to 2.2.3 will parse the cookie =__Host-test=badas __Host-test=bad. If a Werkzeug application is running next to a vulnerable or malicious subdomain which sets such a cookie using a vulnerable browser the Werkzeug application will see the bad cookie value but the valid cookie key. The issue is fixed in Werkzeug 2.2.3. Some mod_proxy configurations on Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 through 2.4.55 allow a HTTP request smuggling attack. Configurations are affected when mod_proxy is enabled along with some form of RewriteRule or ProxyPassMatch in which a non-specific pattern matches some portion of the user-supplied request-target (URL) data and is then re-inserted into the proxied request-target using variable substitution. Request splitting/smuggling could result in bypass of access controls in the proxy server proxying unintended URLs to existing origin servers and cache poisoning. Users are recommended to update to at least version 2.4.56 of Apache HTTP Server. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 2.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.110 Git a revision control system is vulnerable to path traversal prior to versions 2.39.2 2.38.4 2.37.6 2.36.5 2.35.7 2.34.7 2.33.7 2.32.6 2.31.7 and 2.30.8. By feeding a crafted input to git apply a path outside the working tree can be overwritten as the user who is running git apply. A fix has been prepared and will appear in v2.39.2 v2.38.4 v2.37.6 v2.36.5 v2.35.7 v2.34.7 v2.33.7 v2.32.6 v2.31.7 and v2.30.8. As a workaround use git apply --statto inspect a patch before applying; avoid applying one that creates a symbolic link and then creates a file beyond the symbolic link. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.111 Go templates do not properly consider backticks (`) as Javascript string delimiters and do not escape them as expected. Backticks are used since ES6 for JS template literals. If a template contains a Go template action within a Javascript template literal the contents of the action can be used to terminate the literal injecting arbitrary Javascript code into the Go template. As ES6 template literals are rather complex and themselves can do string interpolation the decision was made to simply disallow Go template actions from being used inside of them (e.g. var a = {{.}}) since there is no obviously safe way to allow this behavior. This takes the same approach as github.com/google/safehtml. With fix Template.Parse returns an error when it encounters templates like this with an ErrorCode of value 12. This ErrorCode is currently unexported but will be exported in the release of Go 1.21. Users who rely on the previous behavior can re-enable it using the GODEBUG flag jstmpllitinterp=1 with the caveat that backticks will now be escaped. This should be used with caution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.134 3.2.159 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Certifi is a curated collection of root certificates for validating the trustworthiness of SSL certificates while verifying the identity of TLS hosts. Certifi prior to version 2023.07.22 recognizes e-Tugra root certificates. e-Tugra's root certificates were subject to an investigation prompted by reporting of security issues in their systems. Certifi 2023.07.22 removes root certificates from e-Tugra from the root store. 3.2.158 ). Artifex Ghostscript through 10.01.2 mishandles permission validation for pipe devices (with the %pipe% prefix or the | pipe character prefix). 3.2.157 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A regular expression denial of service issue was discovered in the URI component before 0.12.2 for Ruby. The URI parser mishandles invalid URLs that have specific characters. There is an increase in execution time for parsing strings to URI objects with rfc2396_parser.rb and rfc3986_parser.rb. This issue exists becuse of an incomplete fix for CVE-2023-28755. Version 0.10.3 is also a fixed version. 3.2.156 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A buffer overflow flaw was found in base/gdevdevn.c:1973 in devn_pcx_write_rle() in ghostscript. This issue may allow a local attacker to cause a denial of service via outputting a crafted PDF file for a DEVN device with gs. lib/kadm5/kadm_rpc_xdr.c in MIT Kerberos 5 (aka krb5) before 1.20.2 and 1.21.x before 1.21.1 frees an uninitialized pointer. A remote authenticated user can trigger a kadmind crash. This occurs because _xdr_kadm5_principal_ent_rec does not validate the relationship between n_key_data and the key_data array count. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.2. A use after free was found in renesas_usb3_remove in drivers/usb/gadget/udc/renesas_usb3.c. 3.2.154 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.2. A use after free was found in dm1105_remove in drivers/media/pci/dm1105/dm1105.c. 3.2.153 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.2. A use after free was found in saa7134_finidev in drivers/media/pci/saa7134/saa7134-core.c. 3.2.152 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.155 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.160 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ; .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   An issue was discovered in l2cap_sock_release in net/bluetooth/l2cap_sock.c in the Linux kernel before 6.4.10. There is a use-after-free because the children of an sk are mishandled. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has released for SCALANCE X-300 and recommends updating to the latest version. An issue was discovered in the C AMQP client library (aka rabbitmq-c) through 0.13.0 for RabbitMQ. Credentials can only be entered on the command line (e.g. for amqp-publish or amqp-consume) and are thus visible to local attackers by listing a process and its arguments. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-806742 in and .  and following recommendations in the product manuals. ). 3.2.151 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue found in Frrouting bgpd v.8.4.2 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via the bgp_capability_llgr() function. 3.2.141 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( qfq_change_class in net/sched/sch_qfq.c in the Linux kernel before 6.2.13 allows an out-of-bounds write because lmax can exceed QFQ_MIN_LMAX. 3.2.140 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. When /dev/urandom or RtlGenRandom() are unavailable c-ares uses rand() to generate random numbers used for DNS query ids. This is not a CSPRNG and it is also not seeded by srand() so will generate predictable output. Input from the random number generator is fed into a non-compilant RC4 implementation and may not be as strong as the original RC4 implementation. No attempt is made to look for modern OS-provided CSPRNGs like arc4random() that is widely available. This issue has been fixed in version 1.19.1. 3.2.139 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. ares_inet_net_pton() is vulnerable to a buffer underflow for certain ipv6 addresses; in particular 0::00:00:00/2 was found to cause an issue. C-ares only uses this function internally for configuration purposes which would require an administrator to configure such an address via ares_set_sortlist(). However users may externally use ares_inet_net_pton() for other purposes and thus be vulnerable to more severe issues. This issue has been fixed in 1.19.1. ). 3.2.138 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. When cross-compiling c-ares and using the autotools build system CARES_RANDOM_FILE will not be set as seen when cross compiling aarch64 android. This will downgrade to using rand() as a fallback which could allow an attacker to take advantage of the lack of entropy by not using a CSPRNG. This issue was patched in version 1.19.1. 3.2.137 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_frontend.c in the Linux kernel 6.2. There is a blocking operation when a task is in !TASK_RUNNING. In dvb_frontend_get_event wait_event_interruptible is called; the condition is dvb_frontend_test_event(feprivevents). In dvb_frontend_test_event down(&fepriv->sem) is called. However wait_event_interruptible would put the process to sleep and down(&fepriv->sem) may block the process. 3.2.136 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The Linux kernel before 6.2.9 has a race condition and resultant use after free in drivers/power/supply/da9150-charger.c if a physically proximate attacker unplugs a device. 3.2.135 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in arch/x86/kvm/vmx/nested.c in the Linux kernel before 6.2.8. nVMX on x86_64 lacks consistency checks for CR0 and CR4. ). 3.2.142 c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. c-ares is vulnerable to denial of service. If a target resolver sends a query the attacker forges a malformed UDP packet with a length of 0 and returns them to the target resolver. The target resolver erroneously interprets the 0 length as a graceful shutdown of the connection. This issue has been patched in version 1.19.1. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in fl_set_geneve_opt in net/sched/cls_flower.c in the Linux kernel before 6.3.7. It allows an out-of-bounds write in the flower classifier code via TCA_FLOWER_KEY_ENC_OPTS_GENEVE packets. This may result in denial of service or privilege escalation. 3.2.150 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Linux kernel nftables out-of-bounds read/write vulnerability; nft_byteorder poorly handled vm register contents when CAP_NET_ADMIN is in any user or network namespace 3.2.149 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( D-Bus before 1.15.6 sometimes allows unprivileged users to crash dbus-daemon. If a privileged user with control over the dbus-daemon is using the org.freedesktop.DBus.Monitoring interface to monitor message bus traffic then an unprivileged user with the ability to connect to the same dbus-daemon can cause a dbus-daemon crash under some circumstances via an unreplyable message. When done on the well-known system bus this is a denial-of-service vulnerability. The fixed versions are 1.12.28 1.14.8 and 1.15.6. 3.2.148 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A vulnerability in Outline.cc for Poppler prior to 23.06.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a crafted PDF file in OutlineItem::open. 3.2.147 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.3. There is an out-of-bounds read in crc16 in lib/crc16.c when called from fs/ext4/super.c because ext4_group_desc_csum does not properly check an offset. ). 3.2.143 In the Linux kernel through 6.3.1 a use-after-free in Netfilter nf_tables when processing batch requests can be abused to perform arbitrary read and write operations on kernel memory. Unprivileged local users can obtain root privileges. This occurs because anonymous sets are mishandled. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.144 ). In Qt before 5.15.14 6.0.x through 6.2.x before 6.2.9 and 6.3.x through 6.5.x before 6.5.1 QtSvg QSvgFont m_unitsPerEm initialization is mishandled. ). 3.2.145 The Linux kernel before 6.2.9 has a race condition and resultant use-after-free in drivers/net/ethernet/qualcomm/emac/emac.c if a physically proximate attacker unplugs an emac based device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.146 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A use-after-free flaw was found in nfc_llcp_find_local in net/nfc/llcp_core.c in NFC in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows a local user with special privileges to impact a kernel information leak issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.32 Improper exposure of client IP addresses in net/http before Go 1.17.12 and Go 1.18.4 can be triggered by calling httputil.ReverseProxy.ServeHTTP with a Request.Header map containing a nil value for the X-Forwarded-For header which causes ReverseProxy to set the client IP as the value of the X-Forwarded-For header. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.33 GnuPG through 2.3.6 in unusual situations where an attacker possesses any secret-key information from a victim's keyring and other constraints (e.g. use of GPGME) are met allows signature forgery via injection into the status line. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In GNOME Epiphany before 41.4 and 42.x before 42.2 an HTML document can trigger a client buffer overflow (in ephy_string_shorten in the UI process) via a long page title. The issue occurs because the number of bytes for a UTF-8 ellipsis character is not properly considered. ). An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel through 5.18.9. A type confusion bug in nft_set_elem_init (leading to a buffer overflow) could be used by a local attacker to escalate privileges a different vulnerability than CVE-2022-32250. (The attacker can obtain root access but must start with an unprivileged user namespace to obtain CAP_NET_ADMIN access.) This can be fixed in nft_setelem_parse_data in net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.35 Redis is an in-memory database that persists on disk. Authenticated users can use string matching commands (like SCAN or KEYS) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis causing it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. The problem is fixed in Redis versions 6.0.18 6.2.11 7.0.9. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.36 In libarchive before 3.6.2 the software does not check for an error after calling calloc function that can return with a NULL pointer if the function fails which leads to a resultant NULL pointer dereference. NOTE: the discoverer cites this CWE-476 remark but third parties dispute the code-execution impact: In rare circumstances when NULL is equivalent to the 0x0 memory address and privileged code can access it then writing or reading memory is possible which may lead to code execution. 3.2.34 3.2.31 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.25 There is a possible overflow in handle_image() when shim tries to load and execute crafted EFI executables; The handle_image() function takes into account the SizeOfRawData field from each section to be loaded. An attacker can leverage this to perform out-of-bound writes to memory. Arbitrary code execution is not discarded in such scenario. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.26 A double free was found in the Regexp compiler in Ruby 3.x before 3.0.4 and 3.1.x before 3.1.2. If a victim attempts to create a Regexp from untrusted user input an attacker may be able to write to unexpected memory locations. ). 3.2.27 There is a buffer over read in Ruby before 2.6.10 2.7.x before 2.7.6 3.x before 3.0.4 and 3.1.x before 3.1.2. It occurs in string-to-float conversion including Kernel#Float and String#to_f. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.28 An issue was discovered in rsync before 3.2.5 that allows malicious remote servers to write arbitrary files inside the directories of connecting peers. The server chooses which files or directories are sent to the client. However the rsync client performs insufficient validation of file names. A malicious rsync server (or man-in-the-middle attacker) can overwrite arbitrary files in the rsync client target directory and subdirectories (for example overwrite the .ssh/authorized_keys file). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.29 runc is a CLI tool for spawning and running containers on Linux according to the OCI specification. A bug was found in runc prior to version 1.1.2 whererunc exec --cap created processes with non-empty inheritable Linux process capabilities creating an atypical Linux environment and enabling programs with inheritable file capabilities to elevate those capabilities to the permitted set during execve(2). This bug did not affect the container security sandbox as the inheritable set never contained more capabilities than were included in the container's bounding set. This bug has been fixed in runc 1.1.2. This fix changesrunc exec --capbehavior such that the additional capabilities granted to the process being executed (as specified via--caparguments) do not include inheritable capabilities. In addition runc specis changed to not set any inheritable capabilities in the created example OCI spec (config.json) file. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.30 Git is a distributed revision control system. Git prior to versions 2.37.1 2.36.2 2.35.4 2.34.4 2.33.4 2.32.3 2.31.4 and 2.30.5 is vulnerable to privilege escalation in all platforms. An unsuspecting user could still be affected by the issue reported in CVE-2022-24765 for example when navigating as root into a shared tmp directory that is owned by them but where an attacker could create a git repository. Versions 2.37.1 2.36.2 2.35.4 2.34.4 2.33.4 2.32.3 2.31.4 and 2.30.5 contain a patch for this issue. The simplest way to avoid being affected by the exploit described in the example is to avoid running git as root (or an administrator in Windows) and if needed to reduce its use to a minimum. While a generic workaround is not possible a system could be hardened from the exploit described in the example by removing any such repository if it exists already and creating one as root to block any future attacks. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.37 Inconsistent interpretation of HTTP requests ('HTTP Request Smuggling') vulnerability in mod_proxy_ajp of Apache HTTP Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests to the AJP server it forwards requests to. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server Apache HTTP Server 2.4 version 2.4.54 and prior versions. ). 3.2.44 An integer overflow vulnerability in pcre2test before 10.41 allows attackers to cause a denial of service or other unspecified impacts via negative input. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.45 A resource leak in gw_backend.c in lighttpd 1.4.56 through 1.4.66 could lead to a denial of service (connection-slot exhaustion) after a large amount of anomalous TCP behavior by clients. It is related to RDHUP mishandling in certain HTTP/1.1 chunked situations. Use of mod_fastcgi is for example affected. This is fixed in 1.4.67. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.46 Programs which compile regular expressions from untrusted sources may be vulnerable to memory exhaustion or denial of service. The parsed regexp representation is linear in the size of the input but in some cases the constant factor can be as high as 40000 making relatively small regexps consume much larger amounts of memory. After fix each regexp being parsed is limited to a 256 MB memory footprint. Regular expressions whose representation would use more space than that are rejected. Normal use of regular expressions is unaffected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.47 An attacker can cause excessive memory growth in a Go server accepting HTTP/2 requests. HTTP/2 server connections contain a cache of HTTP header keys sent by the client. While the total number of entries in this cache is capped an attacker sending very large keys can cause the server to allocate approximately 64 MiB per open connection. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.48 A maliciously crafted HTTP/2 stream could cause excessive CPU consumption in the HPACK decoder sufficient to cause a denial of service from a small number of small requests. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Git is an open source scalable distributed revision control system. git shellis a restricted login shell that can be used to implement Git's push/pull functionality via SSH. In versions prior to 2.30.6 2.31.5 2.32.4 2.33.5 2.34.5 2.35.5 2.36.3 and 2.37.4 the function that splits the command arguments into an array improperly uses anint to represent the number of entries in the array allowing a malicious actor to intentionally overflow the return value leading to arbitrary heap writes. Because the resulting array is then passed to execv() it is possible to leverage this attack to gain remote code execution on a victim machine. Note that a victim must first allow access to git shellas a login shell in order to be vulnerable to this attack. This problem is patched in versions 2.30.6 2.31.5 2.32.4 2.33.5 2.34.5 2.35.5 2.36.3 and 2.37.4 and users are advised to upgrade to the latest version. Disabling git shellaccess via remote logins is a viable short-term workaround. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.38 Prior to Apache HTTP Server 2.4.55 a malicious backend can cause the response headers to be truncated early resulting in some headers being incorporated into the response body. If the later headers have any security purpose they will not be interpreted by the client. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.39 The Keccak XKCP SHA-3 reference implementation before fdc6fef has an integer overflow and resultant buffer overflow that allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or eliminate expected cryptographic properties. This occurs in the sponge function interface. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.40 In lighttpd 1.4.65 mod_wstunnel does not initialize a handler function pointer if an invalid HTTP request (websocket handshake) is received. It leads to null pointer dereference which crashes the server. It could be used by an external attacker to cause denial-of-service condition. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.41 An integer overflow in the RFC3164 parser in One Identity syslog-ng 3.0 through 3.37 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via crafted syslog input that is mishandled by the tcp or network function. syslog-ng Premium Edition 7.0.30 and syslog-ng Store Box 6.10.0 are also affected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.42 An issue was discovered the x86 KVM subsystem in the Linux kernel before 5.18.17. Unprivileged guest users can compromise the guest kernel because TLB flush operations are mishandled in certain KVM_VCPU_PREEMPTED situations. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.43 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2022-003 Catalina macOS Monterey 12.3 macOS Big Sur 11.6.5. An application may be able to gain elevated privileges. 3.2.24 3.2.6 An issue was discovered in Dropbear through 2020.81. It is possible for an SSH server to change the login process in its favor due to a non-RFC-compliant check of the available authentication methods in the client-side SSH code. This attack can bypass additional security measures such as FIDO2 tokens or SSH-Askpass. Thus it allows an attacker to abuse a forwarded agent for logging on to another server unnoticed. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.7 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.8 In Mbed TLS before 3.1.0 psa_aead_generate_nonce allows policy bypass or oracle-based decryption when the output buffer is at memory locations accessible to an untrusted application. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.9 There is a flaw in the Linux kernel in linux/net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c of the netfilter subsystem. This flaw allows a local user to cause an out-of-bounds write issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.10 There is a vulnerability in the way the state file is created in logrotate. The state file is used to prevent parallel executions of multiple instances of logrotate by acquiring and releasing a file lock. When the state file does not exist it is created with world-readable permission allowing an unprivileged user to lock the state file stopping any rotation. This flaw affects logrotate versions before 3.20.0. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.11 A use-after-free flaw was found in nf_tables cross-table in the net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c function in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows a local privileged attacker to cause a use-after-free problem at the time of table deletion possibly leading to local privilege escalation. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.5 3.2.99    could affect confidentiality integrity or system availability. Siemens reports that the following versions of SCALANCE XCM-/XRM-300 switches used to connect industrial components are affected: 3.2.1 A carefully crafted If: request header can cause a memory read or write of a single zero byte in a pool (heap) memory location beyond the header value sent. This could cause the process to crash. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.54 and earlier. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.2 A flaw was found in python. In algorithms with quadratic time complexity using non-binary bases when using int(text) a system could take 50ms to parse an int string with 100000 digits and 5s for 1000000 digits (float decimal int.from_bytes() and int() for binary bases 2 4 8 16 and 32 are not affected). The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.3 A flaw was found in libdnf's signature verification functionality in versions before 0.60.1. This flaw allows an attacker to achieve code execution if they can alter the header information of an RPM package and then trick a user or system into installing it. The highest risk of this vulnerability is to confidentiality integrity as well as system availability. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.4 An out-of-bounds memory access flaw was found in the ATI VGA device emulation of QEMU. This flaw occurs in the ati_2d_blt() routine while handling MMIO write operations when the guest provides invalid values for the destination display parameters. A malicious guest could use this flaw to crash the QEMU process on the host resulting in a denial of service. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A vulnerability was found in the fs/inode.c:inode_init_owner() function logic of the Linux kernel that allows local users to create files for the XFS file-system with an unintended group ownership and with group execution and SGID permission bits set in a scenario where a directory is SGID and belongs to a certain group and is writable by a user who is not a member of this group. This can lead to excessive permissions granted in case when they should not. This vulnerability is similar to the previous CVE-2018-13405 and adds the missed fix for the XFS. 3.2.49 ). Requests forwarded by ReverseProxy include raw query parameters from the inbound request including unparsable parameters rejected by net/http. This could permit query parameter smuggling when a Go proxy forwards a parameter with an unparsable value. Once the fix is applied ReverseProxy sanitizes the query parameters in the forwarded query when the outbound request's Form field is set after the ReverseProxy. Director function returns indicating that the proxy has parsed the query parameters. Proxies which do not parse query parameters continue to forward the original query parameters unchanged. ). 3.2.19 A vulnerability was found in PHP where setting the environment variable PHP_CLI_SERVER_WORKERS to a large value leads to a heap buffer overflow. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.20 A flaw was found in the c-ares package. The ares_set_sortlist is missing checks for the validity of the input string which allows a possible arbitrary length stack overflow. This issue may cause a denial of service or a limited impact on confidentiality and integrity. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.21 containerd is an open source container runtime. A bug was found in containerd's CRI implementation where a user can exhaust memory on the host. In the CRI stream server a goroutine is launched to handle terminal resize events if a TTY is requested. If the user's process fails to launch due to for example a faulty command the goroutine will be stuck waiting to send without a receiver resulting in a memory leak. Kubernetes and crictl can both be configured to use containerd's CRI implementation and the stream server is used for handling container IO. This bug has been fixed in containerd 1.6.12 and 1.5.16. Users should update to these versions to resolve the issue. Users unable to upgrade should ensure that only trusted images and commands are used and that only trusted users have permissions to execute commands in running containers. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.22 Git is distributed revision control system. gitattributes are a mechanism to allow defining attributes for paths. These attributes can be defined by adding a.gitattributes file to the repository which contains a set of file patterns and the attributes that should be set for paths matching this pattern. When parsing gitattributes multiple integer overflows can occur when there is a huge number of path patterns a huge number of attributes for a single pattern or when the declared attribute names are huge. These overflows can be triggered via a crafted.gitattributes file that may be part of the commit history. Git silently splits lines longer than 2KB when parsing gitattributes from a file but not when parsing them from the index. Consequentially the failure mode depends on whether the file exists in the working tree the index or both. This integer overflow can result in arbitrary heap reads and writes which may result in remote code execution. The problem has been patched in the versions published on 2023-01-17 going back to v2.30.7. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.23 Redis is an in-memory database that persists on disk. A specially crafted Lua script executing in Redis can trigger a heap overflow in the cjson library and result with heap corruption and potentially remote code execution. The problem exists in all versions of Redis with Lua scripting support starting from 2.6 and affects only authenticated and authorized users. The problem is fixed in versions 7.0.12 6.2.13 and 6.0.20. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.12 A double-free flaw was found in the Linux kernel's TUN/TAP device driver functionality in how a user registers the device when the register_netdevice function fails (NETDEV_REGISTER notifier). This flaw allows a local user to crash or potentially escalate their privileges on the system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.13 Users may have access to secure endpoints in the control plane network. Kubernetes clusters are only affected if an untrusted user can modify Node objects and send proxy requests to them. Kubernetes supports node proxying which allows clients of kube-apiserver to access endpoints of a Kubelet to establish connections to Pods retrieve container logs and more. While Kubernetes already validates the proxying address for Nodes a bug in kube-apiserver made it possible to bypass this validation. Bypassing this validation could allow authenticated requests destined for Nodes to to the API server's private network. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.14 A heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability was found in Samba within the GSSAPI unwrap_des() and unwrap_des3() routines of Heimdal. The DES and Triple-DES decryption routines in the Heimdal GSSAPI library allow a length-limited write buffer overflow on malloc() allocated memory when presented with a maliciously small packet. This flaw allows a remote user to send specially crafted malicious data to the application possibly resulting in a denial-of-service attack. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.15 A vulnerability was found in the Libksba library due to an integer overflow within the CRL parser. The vulnerability can be exploited remotely for code execution on the target system by passing specially crafted data to the application. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.16 A vulnerability was found in systemd. This security flaw can cause a local information leak due to systemd-coredump not respecting the fs.suid_dumpable kernel setting. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.17 A potential memory leak issue was discovered in SDL2 in GLES_CreateTexture() function in SDL_render_gles.c. The vulnerability allows an attacker to cause a denial-of-service attack. The vulnerability affects SDL2 v2.0.4 and above. SDL-1.x are not affected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.18 In freeradius when an EAP-SIM supplicant sends an unknown SIM option the server will try to look that option up in the internal dictionaries. This lookup will fail but the SIM code will not check for that failure. Instead it will dereference a NULL pointer and cause the server to crash. A denial of service vulnerability exists in mbed TLS 3.0.0 and earlier in the mbedtls_pkcs12_derivation function when an input password's length is 0. ). A vulnerability was found in the HCI sockets implementation due to a missing capability check in net/bluetooth/hci_sock.c in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows an attacker to unauthorized execution of management commands compromising the confidentiality integrity and availability of Bluetooth communication. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.82 An out-of-bounds memory access flaw was found in the Linux kernel's XFS file system in how a user restores an XFS image after failure (with a dirty log journal). This flaw allows a local user to crash or potentially escalate their privileges on the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.83 An out-of-bounds write vulnerability was found in the Linux kernel's SLIMpro I2C device driver. The userspace data->block[0] variable was not capped to a number between 0-255 and was used as the size of a memcpy possibly writing beyond the end of dma_buffer. This flaw could allow a local privileged user to crash the system or potentially achieve code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.84 A denial-of-service problem was found due to a possible recursive locking scenario resulting in a deadlock in table_clear in drivers/md/dm-ioctl.c in the Linux kernel Device Mapper-Multipathing sub-component. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.85 A flaw was found in the 9p passthrough filesystem (9pfs) implementation in QEMU. The 9pfs server did not prohibit opening special files on the host side potentially allowing a malicious client to escape from the exported 9p tree by creating and opening a device file in the shared folder. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.86 A vulnerability was found in openldap. This security flaw causes a null pointer dereference in ber_memalloc_x() function. 3.2.81 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A use-after-free flaw was found in ndlc_remove in drivers/nfc/st-nci/ndlc.c in the Linux kernel. This flaw could allow an attacker to crash the system due to a race problem. ). 3.2.75 A use-after-free flaw in the Linux kernel Xircom 16-bit PCMCIA (PC-card) Ethernet driver was found. A local user could use this flaw to crash the system or potentially escalate their privileges on the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.76 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.77 A use-after-free flaw was found in xgene_hwmon_remove in drivers/hwmon/xgene-hwmon.c in the Hardware Monitoring Linux kernel Driver (xgene-hwmon). This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system due to a race problem. This vulnerability could even lead to a kernel information leak problem. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.78 A use-after-free flaw was found in xen_9pfs_front_removet in net/9p/trans_xen.c in Xen transport for 9pfs in the Linux kernel. This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system due to a race problem possibly leading to a kernel information leak. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.79 A use-after-free flaw was found in btsdio_remove in drivers\bluetooth\btsdio.c in the Linux kernel. In this flaw a call to btsdio_remove with an unfinished job may cause a race problem leading to a UAF on hdev devices. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.80 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A known cache speculation vulnerability known as branch history injection (BHI) or Spectre-BHB becomes actual again for the new hw AmpereOne. Spectre-BHB is similar to Spectre v2 except that malicious code uses the shared branch history (stored in the CPU Branch History Buffer or BHB) to influence mispredicted branches within the victim's hardware context. Once that occurs speculation caused by mispredicted branches can cause cache allocation. This issue leads to obtaining information that should not be accessible. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.94 A flaw was found in QEMU. The async nature of hot-unplug enables a race scenario where the net device backend is cleared before the virtio-net pci frontend has been unplugged. A malicious guest could use this time window to trigger an assertion and cause a denial of service. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.95 A NULL pointer dereference in TIFFClose() is caused by a failure to open an output file (non-existent path or a path that requires permissions like /dev/null) while specifying zones. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.96 A use-after-free vulnerability was found in the Linux kernel's netfilter subsystem in net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c.Mishandled error handling with NFT_MSG_NEWRULE makes it possible to use a dangling pointer in the same transaction causing a use-after-free vulnerability. This flaw allows a local attacker with user access to cause a privilege escalation issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.97 An out-of-bounds write vulnerability in the Linux kernel's net/sched: sch_qfq component can be exploited to achieve local privilege escalation. The qfq_change_agg() function in net/sched/sch_qfq.c allows an out-of-bounds write because lmax is updated according to packet sizes without bounds checks. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.98 A use-after-free vulnerability in the Linux kernel's net/sched: cls_fw component can be exploited to achieve local privilege escalation. If tcf_change_indev() fails fw_set_parms() will immediately return an error after incrementing or decrementing the reference counter in tcf_bind_filter(). If an attacker can control the reference counter and set it to zero they can cause the reference to be freed leading to a use-after-free vulnerability. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An out-of-bounds memory access flaw was found in the Linux kernel in relay_file_read_start_pos in kernel/relay.c in the relayfs. This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system or leak kernel internal information. 3.2.87 3.2.93 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 2.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.88 A heap out-of-bounds write vulnerability in the Linux kernel ipvlan network driver can be exploited to achieve local privilege escalation.The out-of-bounds write is caused by missing skb->cb initialization in the ipvlan network driver. The vulnerability is reachable if CONFIG_IPVLAN is enabled. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.89 A use-after-free vulnerability was found in prepare_to_relocate in fs/btrfs/relocation.c in btrfs in the Linux kernel. This possible flaw can be triggered by calling btrfs_ioctl_balance() before calling btrfs_ioctl_defrag(). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.90 A use-after-free flaw was found in r592_remove in drivers/memstick/host/r592.c in media access in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows a local attacker to crash the system at device disconnect possibly leading to a kernel information leak. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.91 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A NULL pointer dereference issue was found in the gfs2 file system in the Linux kernel. It occurs on corrupt gfs2 file systems when the evict code tries to reference the journal descriptor structure after it has been freed and set to NULL. A privileged local user could use this flaw to cause a kernel panic. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.92 In PHP versions 8.0.* before 8.0.29 8.1.* before 8.1.20 8.2.* before 8.2.7 when using SOAP HTTP digest authentication random value generator was not checked for failure and was using narrower range of values than it should have. In case of random generator failure it could lead to a disclosure of 31 bits of uninitialized memory from the client to the server and it also made it easier for a malicious server to guess the client's nonce. ). A use-after-free flaw was found in btrfs_search_slot in fs/btrfs/ctree.c in btrfs in the Linux kernel. A use-after-free flaw was found in vhost_net_set_backend in drivers/vhost/net.c in virtio network subcomponent in the Linux kernel due to a double fget. This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system and could even lead to a kernel information leak problem. ). The fix for CVE-2022-3437 included changing memcmp to be constant time and a workaround for a compiler bug by adding != 0 comparisons to the result of memcmp. When these patches were backported to the heimdal-7.7.1 and heimdal-7.8.0 branches (and possibly other branches) a logic inversion sneaked in causing the validation of message integrity codes in gssapi/arcfour to be inverted. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.57 An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel through 6.0.10. In drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_ca_en50221.c a use-after-free can occur is there is a disconnect after an open because of the lack of a wait_event. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.58 An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.28.2 and 3.x before 3.3.0. An adversary with access to precise enough information about memory accesses (typically an untrusted operating system attacking a secure enclave) can recover an RSA private key after observing the victim performing a single private-key operation if the window size (MBEDTLS_MPI_WINDOW_SIZE) used for the exponentiation is 3 or smaller. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.59 An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.28.2 and 3.x before 3.3.0. There is a potential heap-based buffer overflow and heap-based buffer over-read in DTLS if MBEDTLS_SSL_DTLS_CONNECTION_ID is enabled and MBEDTLS_SSL_CID_IN_LEN_MAX > 2 * MBEDTLS_SSL_CID_OUT_LEN_MAX. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.74 3.2.60 Libksba before 1.6.3 is prone to an integer overflow vulnerability in the CRL signature parser. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.61 GNU Tar through 1.34 has a one-byte out-of-bounds read that results in use of uninitialized memory for a conditional jump. Exploitation to change the flow of control has not been demonstrated. The issue occurs in from_header in list.c via a V7 archive in which mtime has approximately 11 whitespace characters. 3.2.56 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An issue was discovered in Python before 3.11.1. An unnecessary quadratic algorithm exists in one path when processing some inputs to the IDNA (RFC 3490) decoder such that a crafted unreasonably long name being presented to the decoder could lead to a CPU denial of service. Hostnames are often supplied by remote servers that could be controlled by a malicious actor; in such a scenario they could trigger excessive CPU consumption on the client attempting to make use of an attacker-supplied supposed hostname. For example the attack payload could be placed in the Location header of an HTTP response with status code 302. A fix is planned in 3.11.1 3.10.9 3.9.16 3.8.16 and 3.7.16. 3.2.50 A flaw was found in freeradius. A malicious RADIUS client or home server can send a malformed binary attribute which can cause the server to crash. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.51 In PostgreSQL a modified unauthenticated server can send an unterminated string during the establishment of Kerberos transport encryption. In certain conditions a server can cause a libpq client to over-read and report an error message containing uninitialized bytes. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.52 Git is distributed revision control system.git log can display commits in an arbitrary format using its --formatspecifiers. This functionality is also exposed to git archivevia the export-substgitattribute. When processing the padding operators there is a integer overflow in pretty.c::format_and_pad_commit() where a size_tis stored improperly as an int and then added as an offset to a memcpy(). This overflow can be triggered directly by a user running a command which invokes the commit formatting machinery (e.g. git log --format=...). It may also be triggered indirectly through git archive via the export-subst mechanism which expands format specifiers inside of files within the repository during a git archive. This integer overflow can result in arbitrary heap writes which may result in arbitrary code execution. The problem has been patched in the versions published on 2023-01-17 going back to v2.30.7. Users are advised to upgrade. Users who are unable to upgrade should disable git archivein untrusted repositories. If you expose git archive via git daemon disable it by running git config --global daemon.uploadArch false. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.53 Python 3.9.x before 3.9.16 and 3.10.x before 3.10.9 on Linux allows local privilege escalation in a non-default configuration. The Python multiprocessing library when used with the forkserver start method on Linux allows pickles to be deserialized from any user in the same machine local network namespace which in many system configurations means any user on the same machine. Pickles can execute arbitrary code. Thus this allows for local user privilege escalation that any forkserver process is running as. Setting multiprocessing.util.abstract_sockets_supported to False is a workaround. The forkserver start method for multiprocessing is not the default start method. This issue is Linux specific because only Linux supports abstract namespace sockets. CPython before 3.9 does not make use of Linux abstract namespace sockets by default. Support for users manually specifying an abstract namespace socket was added as a bugfix in 3.7.8 and 3.8.3 but users would need to make specific uncommon API calls in order to do that in CPython before 3.9. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.54 NASM v2.16 was discovered to contain a heap buffer overflow in the component quote_for_pmake() asm/nasm.c:856 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.55 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). libavcodec/pthread_frame.c in FFmpeg before 5.1.2 as used in VLC and other products leaves stale hwaccel state in worker threads which allows attackers to trigger a use-after-free and execute arbitrary code in some circumstances (e.g. hardware re-initialization upon a mid-video SPS change when Direct3D11 is used). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.69 A use-after-free flaw was found in qdisc_graft in net/sched/sch_api.c in the Linux kernel due to a race problem. This flaw leads to a denial-of-service issue. If patch ebda44da44f6 (net: sched: fix race condition in qdisc_graft()) not applied yet then kernel could be affected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.70 3.2.62 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.71 A hash collision flaw was found in the IPv6 connection lookup table in the Linux kernel's IPv6 functionality when a user makes a new kind of SYN flood attack. A user located in the local network or with a high bandwidth connection can increase the CPU usage of the server that accepts IPV6 connections up to 95%. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.72 A slab-out-of-bounds read problem was found in brcmf_get_assoc_ies in drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac/cfg80211.c in the Linux kernel. This issue could occur when assoc_info->req_len data is bigger than the size of the buffer defined as WL_EXTRA_BUF_MAX leading to a denial of service. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.73 A flaw was found in X.Org Server Overlay Window. A use after free may lead to local privilege escalation. If a client explicitly destroys the compositor overlay window (aka COW) the Xserver would leave a dangling pointer to that window in the CompScreen structure which will trigger a use after free later. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In PHP 8.0.X before 8.0.28 8.1.X before 8.1.16 and 8.2.X before 8.2.3 core path resolution function allocate buffer one byte too small. When resolving paths with lengths close to system MAXPATHLEN setting this may lead to the byte after the allocated buffer being overwritten with NUL value which might lead to unauthorized data access or modification. 3.2.68 In PHP 8.0.X before 8.0.28 8.1.X before 8.1.16 and 8.2.X before 8.2.3 excessive number of parts in HTTP form upload can cause high resource consumption and excessive number of log entries. This can cause denial of service on the affected server by exhausting CPU resources or disk space. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). A deadlock flaw was found in the Linux kernel's BPF subsystem. This flaw allows a local user to potentially crash the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.64 A vulnerability in the lsi53c895a device affects the latest version of qemu. A DMA-MMIO reentrancy problem may lead to memory corruption bugs like stack overflow or use-after-free. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.63 A timing side channel in the handling of RSA ClientKeyExchange messages was discovered in GnuTLS. This side channel can be sufficient to recover the key encrypted in the RSA ciphertext across a network in a Bleichenbacher style attack. To achieve a successful decryption the attacker would need to send a large amount of specially crafted messages to the vulnerable server. By recovering the secret from the ClientKeyExchange message the attacker would be able to decrypt the application data exchanged over that connection. 3.2.65 In PHP 8.0.X before 8.0.28 8.1.X before 8.1.16 and 8.2.X before 8.2.3 password_verify() function may accept some invalid Blowfish hashes as valid. If such invalid hash ever ends up in the password database it may lead to an application allowing any password for this entry as valid. 3.2.67 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A vulnerability was found in X.Org. This issue occurs due to a dangling pointer in DeepCopyPointerClasses that can be exploited by ProcXkbSetDeviceInfo() and ProcXkbGetDeviceInfo() to read and write into freed memory. This can lead to local privilege elevation on systems where the X server runs privileged and remote code execution for ssh X forwarding sessions. ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.66"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-12,"As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens ProductCERT reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). . A base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for The implementation of the RPC (Remote Procedure call) communication protocol in the affected products do not properly handle certain malformed RPC messages. An attacker could use this vulnerability to cause a denial-of-service condition in the RPC server. ). . A base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The implementation of the RPC (Remote Procedure call) communication protocol in the affected products do not properly handle certain unorganized RPC messages. An attacker could use this vulnerability to cause a denial-of-service condition in the RPC server.  .  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-753746 in  could allow an attacker to cause a persistent denial-of-service condition in the RPC Server of these products. . ; . The following products of Siemens are affected: and  policy.  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . and this Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   . in the technical information paper CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-13,"). Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has released new versions for the affected products and recommends to update to the latest versions: Parasolid V35.0: Update to V35.0.263 or Parasolid V35.0: Update to V35.0.251 or Parasolid V36.0: Update to V36.0.198 or Parasolid V35.0 Parasolid V35.1: Do not open untrusted XT files in Parasolid A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for CVE-2023-49125. A base score of 4.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Parasolid V35.1: Update to V35.1.252 or ).  The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted XT files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition. ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for CVE-2023-49125. A base score of 7.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted files containing XT format. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. The following products of Siemens are affected:  could allow an attacker to leverage the vulnerability to perform remote code execution in the context of the current process. Parasolid V35.1: Update to V35.1.170 or  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: and As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to ; .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . Do not open untrusted XT files in Parasolid. Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . in the technical information paper . and following recommendations in the product manuals. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-797296 in Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the    .  including ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-14,". ; .  policy.  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. in the technical information paper and this . A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The REST API endpoints of doorsconnector of the affected product lacks proper authentication. An unauthenticated attacker could access the endpoints and potentially execute code. ). . A base score of 8.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( . A base score of 6.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Siemens Polarion ALM is vulnerable due to weak file and folder permissions in the installation path. An attacker with local access could exploit this vulnerability to escalate privileges to NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM.  could allow unauthenticated access or privilege escalation.   Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at ). ). Siemens reports that the following products are affected: Siemens is preparing fix versions and recommends countermeasures for products where fixes are not or not yet available. Deniz Cevik from Cyberwise Turkiye and Michael Heinzl reported these vulnerabilities to Siemens. . .  including CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for   .  For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-871717 in . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk:"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-15,"3.2.31 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A vulnerability in Node.js affects users of the experimental permission model when the --allow-fs-read flag is used with a non-* argument. This flaw arises from an inadequate permission model that fails to restrict file watching through the fs.watchFile API. As a result malicious actors can monitor files that they do not have explicit read access to. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). .require() can bypass the policy mechanism and require modules outside of the policy.json definition. This vulnerability affects all users using the experimental policy mechanism in all active release lines: v16 v18 and v20. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the policy was an experimental feature of Node.js in process.mainModule. The use of 3.2.29 3.2.30 fs.openAsBlob() can bypass the experimental permission model when using the file system read restriction with the --allow-fs-read flag in Node.js. This vulnerability arises from a missing check in the fs.openAsBlob() API. ). ). 3.2.32 A vulnerability in the experimental permission model of Node.js leads to improper handling of path traversal bypass when verifying file permissions. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( file. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the policy was an experimental feature of Node.js. 3.2.33 A vulnerability has been identified in the Node.js (.msi version) installation process specifically affecting Windows users who install Node.js using the .msi installer. This vulnerability emerges during the repair operation where the msiexec.exe process running under the NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM context attempts to read the %USERPROFILE% environment variable from the current user's registry. The issue arises when the path referenced by the %USERPROFILE% environment variable does not exist. In such cases the msiexec.exe process attempts to create the specified path in an unsafe manner potentially leading to the creation of arbitrary folders in arbitrary locations. The severity of this vulnerability is heightened by the fact that the %USERPROFILE% environment variable in the Windows registry can be modified by standard (or non-privileged) users. Consequently unprivileged actors including malicious entities or trojans can manipulate the environment variable key to deceive the privileged msiexec.exe process. This manipulation can result in the creation of folders in unintended and potentially malicious locations. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.34 ). A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in Node.js 20 that allows loading arbitrary OpenSSL engines when the experimental permission model is enabled which can bypass and/or disable the permission model. However the crypto.setEngine() API can be used to bypass the permission model when called with a compatible OpenSSL engine. The OpenSSL engine can for example disable the permission model in the host process by manipulating the process's stack memory to locate the permission model Permission::enabled_ in the host process's heap memory. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the permission model was an experimental feature of Node.js. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.25 The fix for CVE-2023-24998 was incomplete for Apache Tomcat 11.0.0-M2 to 11.0.0-M4 10.1.5 to 10.1.7 9.0.71 to 9.0.73 and 8.5.85 to 8.5.87. If non-default HTTP connector settings were used such that the maxParameterCountcould be reached using query string parameters and a request was submitted that supplied exactly maxParameterCount parametersin the query string the limit for uploaded request parts could bebypassed with the potential for a denial of service to occur. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An information disclosure vulnerability exists in curl <v8.1.0 when doing HTTP(S) transfers. libcurl might erroneously use the read callback (CURLOPT_READFUNCTION)to ask for data to send even when the CURLOPT_POSTFIELDSoption has been set if the same handle previously was used to issue a PUTrequest which used that callback. This flaw may surprise the application and cause it to misbehave and either send the wrong data or use memory after free or similar in the second transfer. The problem exists in the logic for a reused handle when it is (expected to be) changed from a PUT to a POST. 3.2.27 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An improper certificate validation vulnerability exists in curl <v8.1.0 in the way it supports matching of wildcard patterns when listed as Subject Alternative Name in TLS server certificates. curl can be built to use its own name matching function for TLS rather than one provided by a TLS library. This private wildcard matching function would match IDN (International Domain Name) hosts incorrectly and could as a result accept patterns that otherwise should mismatch. IDN hostnames are converted to puny code before used for certificate checks. Puny coded names always start with xn--and should not be allowed to pattern match but the wildcard check in curl could still check for x* which would match even though the IDN name most likely contained nothing even resembling an x. 3.2.26 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A denial-of-service vulnerability exists in curl <v8.1.0 in the way libcurl provides several different backends for resolving host names selected at build time. If it is built to use the synchronous resolver it allows name resolutions to time-out slow operations using alarm()and siglongjmp(). When doing this libcurl used a global buffer that was not mutex protected and a multi-threaded application might therefore crash or otherwise misbehave. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A use-after-free vulnerability exists in curl <v8.1.0 in the way libcurl offers a feature to verify an SSH server's public key using a SHA 256 hash. When this check fails libcurl frees the memory for the fingerprint before it returns an error message containing the (now freed) hash. This flaw risks inserting sensitive heap-based data into the error message that might be shown to users or otherwise get leaked and revealed. 3.2.24 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( libcurl reuses a previously created connection even when an SSH related option has been changed that should prohibit reuse. libcurl keeps previously used connections in a connection pool for subsequent transfers to reuse if one of them matches the setup. However two SSH settings were left out from the configuration match checks making them match too easily. 3.2.23 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A double-free vulnerability exists in libcurl <8.0.0 when sharing HSTS data between separate handles. This sharing was introduced without considerations for doing this sharing across separate threads but there was no indication of this fact in the documentation. Due to missing mutexes or thread locks two threads sharing the same HSTS data could end up doing a double free or use after free. 3.2.22 ). 3.2.28 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A vulnerability in Node.js allows for bypassing restrictions set by the --experimental-permission flag using the built-in inspector module (node:inspector). By exploiting the Worker class's ability to create an internal worker with the kIsInternal Symbol attackers can modify the isInternal value when an inspector is attached within the Worker constructor before initializing a new WorkerImpl. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application is vulnerable to SQL injection. This could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL queries on the server database. 3.2.60 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.61 was not used when receiving Message objects. Attackers could send a very large message causing a memory overflow and triggering an OOM Error. Users of RabbitMQ may suffer from denial-of-service attacks from the RabbitMQ Java client which will ultimately exhaust the memory of the consumer. This vulnerability was patched in version 5.18.0. 3.2.59 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Open redirect vulnerability in FORM authentication feature affects Apache Tomcat from 11.0.0-M1 through 11.0.0-M10 from 10.1.0-M1 through 10.0.12 from 9.0.0-M1 through 9.0.79 and from 8.5.0 through 8.5.92. The vulnerability is limited to the ROOT (default) web application. 3.2.58 ). The RabbitMQ Java client library allows Java and JVM-based applications to connect to and interact with RabbitMQ nodes. The affected application allows users to upload arbitrary files via TFTP. This could allow an attacker to upload malicious firmware images or other files that could potentially lead to remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ).   . and For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-943925 in Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to for SINEC NMS and recommends to update to the latest version. Siemens has released update Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application incorrectly neutralizes special elements when creating a report which could lead to command injection. 3.2.62 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A vulnerability was found in PostgreSQL with the use of the MERGE command which fails to test new rows against row security policies defined for UPDATE and SELECT. If UPDATE and SELECT policies forbid some rows that INSERT policies do not forbid a user could store such rows. 3.2.57 ). When curl retrieves an HTTP response it stores the incoming headers so that they can be accessed later via the libcurl headers API. However curl did not have a limit in how many or how large headers it would accept in a response allowing a malicious server to stream an endless series of headers and eventually cause curl to run out of heap memory. 3.2.52 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( frame. The clean-up code is right after the return statement causing memory leak leading to denial of service through memory exhaustion. This vulnerability was patched in versions(s) 1.26.3 1.25.8 1.24.9 1.23.11. frame skips de-allocation of the bookkeeping structure and pending compressed header. The error return [code path] is taken if connection is already marked for not sending more requests due to frames from an upstream server. In nghttp2 cleanup of pending requests due to receipt of the immediately followed by the Envoy is a cloud-native high-performance edge/middle/service proxy. Envoy's HTTP/2 codec may leak a header map and bookkeeping structures upon receiving 3.2.51 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Spring Security versions 5.8prior to 5.8.5 6.0prior to 6.0.5and 6.1prior to 6.1.2could be susceptible to authorization rule misconfiguration if the application uses requestMatchers(String)and multiple servlets one of them being Spring MVC's DispatcherServlet.DispatcherServletis a Spring MVC component that maps HTTP endpoints to methods on @Controller-annotated classes. Specifically an application is vulnerable when all of the following are true: * Spring MVC is on the classpath * Spring Security is securing more than one servlet in a single application (one of them being Spring MVC's DispatcherServlet) * The application uses requestMatchers(String)to refer to endpoints that are not Spring MVC endpoints. An application is not vulnerable if any of the following are true: * The application does not have Spring MVC on the classpath * The application secures no servlets other than Spring MVC's DispatcherServlet * The application uses requestMatchers(String)only for Spring MVC endpoints. 3.2.50 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is (  ). coreruleset (aka OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set) through 3.3.4 does not detect multiple Content-Type request headers on some platforms. This might allow attackers to bypass a WAF with a crafted payload aka Content-Type confusion between the WAF and the backend application. This occurs when the web application relies on only the last Content-Type header. Other platforms may reject the additional Content-Type header or merge conflicting headers leading to detection as a malformed header. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In the extension script an SQL injection vulnerability was found in PostgreSQL if it uses @extowner@ @extschema@ or @extschema:...@ inside a quoting construct (dollar quoting '' or ). If an administrator has installed files of a vulnerable trusted non-bundled extension an attacker with database-level CREATE privilege can execute arbitrary code as the bootstrap superuser. 3.2.56 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( - if such a file exists and is readable in the current directory of the program using libcurl if using the correct file format. (using the four ASCII letters no quotes). Subsequent use of the cloned handle that does not explicitly set a source to load cookies from would then inadvertently load cookies from a file named . If a transfer has cookies enabled when the handle is duplicated the cookie-enable state is also cloned - but without cloning the actual cookies. If the source handle did not read any cookies from a specific file on disk the cloned version of the handle would instead store the file name as This flaw allows an attacker to insert cookies at will into a running program using libcurl. If the specific series of conditions are met libcurl performs transfers. In its API an application creates easy handles that are the individual handles for single transfers. libcurl provides a function call that duplicates an easy handle called 3.2.55 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( This flaw makes curl overflow a heap-based buffer in the SOCKS5 proxy handshake. When curl is asked to pass along the host name to the SOCKS5 proxy to allow that to resolve the address instead of it getting done by curl itself the maximum length that host name can be is 255 bytes. If the host name is detected to be longer than 255 bytes curl switches to local name resolving and instead passes the resolved address only to the proxy. Due to a bug the local variable that means let the host resolve the name could get the wrong value during a slow SOCKS5 handshake and contrary to the intention copy the too long host name to the target buffer instead of copying just the resolved address there. 3.2.54 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.53 3.2.35 .  including CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.41 c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. When /dev/urandom or RtlGenRandom() are unavailable c-ares uses rand() to generate random numbers used for DNS query ids. This is not a CSPRNG and it is also not seeded by srand() so will generate predictable output. Input from the random number generator is fed into a non-compilant RC4 implementation and may not be as strong as the original RC4 implementation. No attempt is made to look for modern OS-provided CSPRNGs like arc4random() that is widely available. This issue has been fixed in version 1.19.1. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. ares_inet_net_pton() is vulnerable to a buffer underflow for certain ipv6 addresses in particular 0::00:00:00/2 was found to cause an issue. c-ares only uses this function internally for configuration purposes which would require an administrator to configure such an address via ares_set_sortlist(). However users may externally use ares_inet_net_pton() for other purposes and thus be vulnerable to more severe issues. This issue has been fixed in 1.19.1. 3.2.42 can bypass the policy mechanism and require modules outside of the policy.json definition for a given module. This vulnerability affects all users using the experimental policy mechanism in all active release lines: 16.x 18.x and 20.x. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the policy was an experimental feature of Node.js. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.43 and can be used to bypass the permission model check using a path traversal attack. This flaw arises from a missing check in the fs.mkdtemp() API and could allow a malicious actor to create an arbitrary directory. This vulnerability affects all users using the experimental permission model in Node.js 20. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the permission model was an experimental feature of Node.js. The use of 3.2.40 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.36 When an invalid public key is used to create an x509 certificate using the crypto.X509Certificate() API a non-expect termination occurs making it susceptible to denial-of-service attacks when the attacker could force interruptions of application processing as the process terminates when accessing public key info of provided certificates from user code. The current context of the users will be gone and that will cause a denial-of-service scenario. This vulnerability affects all active Node.js versions v16 v18 and v20. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.37 The llhttp parser in the http module in Node v20.2.0 does not strictly use the CRLF sequence to delimit HTTP requests. This can lead to HTTP request smuggling. The CR character (without LF) is sufficient to delimit HTTP header fields in the llhttp parser. According to RFC7230 section 3 only the CRLF sequence should delimit each header-field. This impacts all Node.js active versions: v16 v18 and v20 ). 3.2.38 The generateKeys() API function returned from crypto.createDiffieHellman() only generates missing (or outdated) keys. It only generates a private key if none has been set yet but the function is also needed to compute the corresponding public key after calling setPrivateKey(). However the documentation says this API call: Generates private and public Diffie-Hellman key values. The documented behavior is very different from the actual behavior and this difference could easily lead to security issues in applications that use these APIs as the DiffieHellman may be used as the basis for application-level security implications are consequently broad. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.39 c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. When cross-compiling c-ares and using the autotools build system CARES_RANDOM_FILE will not be set as seen when cross-compiling aarch64 android. This will downgrade to using rand() as a fallback which could allow an attacker to take advantage of the lack of entropy by not using a CSPRNG. This issue was patched in version 1.19.1. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.44 A vulnerability has been discovered in Node.js version 20 specifically within the experimental permission model. This flaw relates to improper handling of buffers in file system APIs causing a traversal path to bypass when verifying file permissions. This vulnerability affects all users using the experimental permission model in Node.js 20. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the permission model was an experimental feature of Node.js. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.49 A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in the experimental policy mechanism in all active Node.js release lines: 16.x 18.x and 20.x. The use of the deprecated API ; .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . can bypass the permission model through path traversal. This vulnerability affects all users using the experimental permission model in Node.js 20.x. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the permission model was an experimental feature of Node.js. . The use of the deprecated API ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.45 A vulnerability has been identified in Node.js version 20 affecting users of the experimental permission model when the --allow-fs-read flag is used with a non-* argument. This flaw arises from an inadequate permission model that fails to restrict file stats through the API. As a result malicious actors can retrieve stats from files that they do not have explicit read access to. This vulnerability affects all users using the experimental permission model in Node.js 20. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the permission model was an experimental feature of Node.js. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.46 The use of in Node.js can bypass the policy mechanism and require modules outside of the policy.json definition for a given module. This vulnerability affects all users using the experimental policy mechanism in all active release lines: 16.x 18.x and 20.x. Please note that at the time this CVE was issued the policy was an experimental feature of Node.js. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.47 c-ares asynchronous resolver library is vulnerable to denial of service. If a target resolver sends a query the attacker forges a malformed UDP packet with a length of 0 and returns them to the target resolver. The target resolver erroneously interprets the 0 length as a graceful shutdown of the connection. This issue has been patched in version 1.19.1. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.48 ). to run arbitrary code outside of the limits defined in a has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.6 An invalid pointer dereference on read can be triggered when an application tries to check a malformed DSA public key by the EVP_PKEY_public_check() function. This will most likely lead to an application crash. This function can be called on public keys supplied from untrusted sources which could allow an attacker to cause a denial of service attack. The TLS implementation in OpenSSL does not call this function but applications might call the function if there are additional security requirements imposed by standards such as FIPS 140-3. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.7 There is a type confusion vulnerability relating to X.400 address processing inside an X.509 GeneralName. X.400 addresses were parsed as an ASN1_STRING but the public structure definition for GENERAL_NAME incorrectly specified the type of the x400Address field as ASN1_TYPE. This field is subsequently interpreted by the OpenSSL function GENERAL_NAME_cmp as an ASN1_TYPE rather than an ASN1_STRING. When CRL checking is enabled (i.e. the application sets the X509_V_FLAG_CRL_CHECK flag) this vulnerability may allow an attacker to pass arbitrary pointers to a memcmp call enabling them to read memory contents or enact a denial of service. In most cases the attack requires the attacker to provide both the certificate chain and CRL neither of which need to have a valid signature. If the attacker only controls one of these inputs the other input must already contain an X.400 address as a CRL distribution point which is uncommon. As such this vulnerability is most likely to only affect applications which have implemented their own functionality for retrieving CRLs over a network. An invalid pointer dereference on read can be triggered when an application tries to load malformed PKCS7 data with the d2i_PKCS7() d2i_PKCS7_bio() or d2i_PKCS7_fp() functions. The result of the dereference is an application crash which could lead to a denial-of-service condition. The TLS implementation in OpenSSL does not call this function however third party applications might call these functions on untrusted data. ). A NULL pointer can be dereferenced when signatures are being verified on PKCS7 signed or signed-and-enveloped data. In case the hash algorithm used for the signature is known to the OpenSSL library but the implementation of the hash algorithm is not available the digest initialization will fail. There is a missing check for the return value from the initialization function which later leads to invalid usage of the digest API most likely leading to a crash. The unavailability of an algorithm can be caused by using FIPS enabled configuration of providers or more commonly by not loading the legacy provider. PKCS7 data is processed by the SMIME library calls and also by the time stamp (TS) library calls. The TLS implementation in OpenSSL does not call these functions however third party applications would be affected if they call these functions to verify signatures on untrusted data. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.9 The AES-XTS cipher decryption implementation for 64 bit ARM platform contains a bug that could cause it to read past the input buffer leading to a crash. Applications that use the AES-XTS algorithm on the 64 bit ARM platform can crash in rare circumstances. The AES-XTS algorithm is usually used for disk encryption. The AES-XTS cipher decryption implementation for 64 bit ARM platform will read past the end of the ciphertext buffer if the ciphertext size is 4 mod 5 in 16byte blocks e.g. 144 bytes or 1024 bytes. If the memory after the ciphertext buffer is unmapped this will trigger a crash which results in a denial of service. If an attacker can control the size and location of the ciphertext buffer being decrypted by an application using AES-XTS on 64 bit ARM the application is affected. This is fairly unlikely making this issue a low severity one. ). 3.2.10 schema_element defeats protective search_path changes; it was found that certain database calls in PostgreSQL could permit an authenticated attacker with elevated database-level privileges to execute arbitrary code. 3.2.8 3.2.5 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ).    could result in a information dislosure authentication bypass unauthorized modification arbitrary code execution or denial of service. Siemens reports that the following network management systems are affected: 3.2.1 A read buffer overrun can be triggered in X.509 certificate verification specifically in name constraint checking. Note that this occurs after certificate chain signature verification and requires either a CA to have signed the malicious certificate or for the application to continue certificate verification despite failure to construct a path to a trusted issuer. The read buffer overrun might result in a crash which could lead to a denial-of-service condition. In theory it could also result in the disclosure of private memory contents (such as private keys or sensitive plaintext) although we are not aware of any working exploit leading to memory contents disclosure as of the time of release of this advisory. In a TLS client this can be triggered by connecting to a malicious server. In a TLS server this can be triggered if the server requests client authentication and a malicious client connects. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.2 A timing based side channel exists in the OpenSSL RSA Decryption implementation which could be sufficient to recover plaintext across a network in a Bleichenbacher style attack. To achieve a successful decryption an attacker would have to be able to send a very large number of trial messages for decryption. The vulnerability affects all RSA padding modes: PKCS#1 v1.5 RSA-OEAP and RSASVE. For example in a TLS connection RSA is commonly used by a client to send an encrypted pre-master secret to the server. An attacker that has observed a genuine connection between a client and a server could use this flaw to send trial messages to the server and record the time taken to process them. After a sufficiently large number of messages the attacker could recover the pre-master secret used for the original connection and thus be able to decrypt the application data sent over that connection. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.3 The function PEM_read_bio_ex() reads a PEM file from a BIO and parses and decodes the name (e.g. CERTIFICATE) any header data and the payload data. If the function succeeds then the name_out header and data arguments are populated with pointers to buffers containing the relevant decoded data. The caller is responsible for freeing those buffers. It is possible to construct a PEM file that results in 0 bytes of payload data. In this case PEM_read_bio_ex() will return a failure code but will populate the header argument with a pointer to a buffer that has already been freed. If the caller also frees this buffer then a double free will occur. This will most likely lead to a crash. This could be exploited by an attacker who has the ability to supply malicious PEM files for parsing to achieve a denial-of-service condition. The functions PEM_read_bio() and PEM_read() are simple wrappers around PEM_read_bio_ex() and therefore these functions are also directly affected. These functions are also called indirectly by a number of other OpenSSL functions including PEM_X509_INFO_read_bio_ex() and SSL_CTX_use_serverinfo_file() which are also vulnerable. Some OpenSSL internal uses of these functions are not vulnerable because the caller does not free the header argument if PEM_read_bio_ex() returns a failure code. These locations include the PEM_read_bio_TYPE() functions as well as the decoders introduced in OpenSSL 3.0. The OpenSSL asn1parse command line application is also impacted by this issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.4 The public API function BIO_new_NDEF is a helper function used for streaming ASN.1 data via a BIO. It is primarily used internally by OpenSSL to support the SMIME CMS and PKCS7 streaming capabilities but may also be called directly by end user applications. The function receives a BIO from the caller prepends a new BIO_f_asn1 filter BIO onto the front of it to form a BIO chain and then returns the new head of the BIO chain to the caller. Under certain conditions for example if a CMS recipient public key is invalid the new filter BIO is freed and the function returns a NULL result indicating a failure. However in this case the BIO chain is not properly cleaned up and the BIO passed by the caller still retains internal pointers to the previously freed filter BIO. If the caller then goes on to call BIO_pop() on the BIO then a use-after-free will occur. This will most likely result in a crash. This scenario occurs directly in the internal function B64_write_ASN1() which may cause BIO_new_NDEF() to be called and will subsequently call BIO_pop() on the BIO. This internal function is in turn called by the public API functions PEM_write_bio_ASN1_stream PEM_write_bio_CMS_stream PEM_write_bio_PKCS7_stream SMIME_write_ASN1 SMIME_write_CMS and SMIME_write_PKCS7. Other public API functions that may be impacted by this include i2d_ASN1_bio_stream BIO_new_CMS BIO_new_PKCS7 i2d_CMS_bio_stream and i2d_PKCS7_bio_stream. The OpenSSL cms and smime command line applications are similarly affected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Row security policies disregard user ID changes after inlining; PostgreSQL could permit incorrect policies to be applied in certain cases where role-specific policies are used and a given query is planned under one role and then executed under other roles. This scenario can happen under security definer functions or when a common user and query is planned initially and then re-used across multiple SET ROLEs. Applying an incorrect policy may permit a user to complete otherwise-forbidden reads and modifications. This affects only databases that have used CREATE POLICY to define a row security policy. HTTP response smuggling vulnerability in Apache HTTP Server via mod_proxy_uwsgi affects Apache HTTP Server from 2.4.30 through 2.4.55. Special characters in the origin response header can truncate/split the response forwarded to the client. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.11 A vulnerability in input validation in curl <8.0 during communication using the TELNET protocol may allow an attacker to pass on maliciously crafted user name and telnet options during server negotiation. The lack of proper input scrubbing allows an attacker to send content or perform option negotiation without the application's intent. This vulnerability could be exploited if an application allows user input thereby enabling attackers to execute arbitrary code on the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.19 A path traversal vulnerability in curl <8.0.0 SFTP implementation causes the tilde () character to be wrongly replaced when used as a prefix in the first path element in addition to its intended use as the first element to indicate a path relative to the user's home directory. Attackers can exploit this flaw to bypass filtering or execute arbitrary code by crafting a path like /2/foo while accessing a server with a specific user. 3.2.17 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.20 An authentication bypass vulnerability exists in libcurl <8.0.0 in the FTP connection reuse feature that can result in wrong credentials being used during subsequent transfers. Previously created connections are kept in a connection pool for reuse if they match the current setup. However certain FTP settings such as CURLOPT_FTP_ACCOUNT CURLOPT_FTP_ALTERNATIVE_TO_USER CURLOPT_FTP_SSL_CCC and CURLOPT_USE_SSL were not included in the configuration match checks causing them to match too easily. This could lead to libcurl using the wrong credentials when performing a transfer potentially allowing unauthorized access to sensitive information. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.21 An authentication bypass vulnerability exists in libcurl <8.0.0 in the connection reuse feature which can reuse previously established connections with incorrect user permissions due to a failure to check for changes in the CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION option. This vulnerability affects krb5/kerberos/negotiate/GSSAPI transfers and could potentially result in unauthorized access to sensitive information. The safest option is to not reuse connections if the CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION option has been changed. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). can bypass the policy mechanism by requiring internal modules and eventually take advantage of ). ). 3.2.18 3.2.14 ). 3.2.12 Processing some specially crafted ASN.1 object identifiers or data containing them may be very slow. Applications that use OBJ_obj2txt() directly or use any of the OpenSSL subsystems OCSP PKCS7/SMIME CMS CMP/CRMF or TS with no message size limit may experience notable to very long delays when processing those messages which may lead to a denial of service. An OBJECT IDENTIFIER is composed of a series of numbers - sub-identifiers - most of which have no size limit. OBJ_obj2txt() may be used to translate an ASN.1 OBJECT IDENTIFIER given in DER encoding form (using the OpenSSL type ASN1_OBJECT) to its canonical numeric text form which are the sub-identifiers of the OBJECT IDENTIFIER in decimal form separated by periods. When one of the sub-identifiers in the OBJECT IDENTIFIER is very large (these are sizes that are seen as absurdly large taking up tens or hundreds of kBs) the translation to a decimal number in text may take a very long time. The time complexity is O(square(n)) with 'n' being the size of the sub-identifiers in bytes. With OpenSSL 3.0 support to fetch cryptographic algorithms using names / identifiers in string form was introduced. This includes using OBJECT IDENTIFIERs in canonical numeric text form as identifiers for fetching algorithms. Such OBJECT IDENTIFIERs may be received through the ASN.1 structure AlgorithmIdentifier which is commonly used in multiple protocols to specify what cryptographic algorithm should be used to sign or verify encrypt or decrypt or digest passed data. Applications that call OBJ_obj2txt() directly with untrusted data are affected with any version of OpenSSL. If the use is for the mere purpose of display the severity is considered low. In OpenSSL 3.0 and newer this affects the subsystems OCSP PKCS7/SMIME CMS CMP/CRMF or TS. It also impacts anything that processes X.509 certificates including simple things like verifying its signature. The impact on TLS is relatively low because all versions of OpenSSL have a 100 kB limit on the peer's certificate chain. Additionally this only impacts clients or servers that have explicitly enabled client authentication. In OpenSSL 1.1.1 and 1.0.2 this only affects displaying diverse objects such as X.509 certificates. This is assumed to not happen in such a way that it would cause a denial of service so these versions are considered not affected by this issue in such a way that it would be cause for concern and the severity is therefore considered low. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.13 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The AES-SIV cipher implementation contains a bug that causes it to ignore empty associated data entries which are unauthenticated as a consequence. Applications that use the AES-SIV algorithm and want to authenticate empty data entries as associated data can be mislead by removing adding or reordering such empty entries as these are ignored by the OpenSSL implementation. The AES-SIV algorithm allows for authentication of multiple associated data entries along with the encryption. To authenticate empty data the application has to call EVP_EncryptUpdate() (or EVP_CipherUpdate()) with NULL pointer as the output buffer and 0 as the input buffer length. The AES-SIV implementation in OpenSSL just returns success for such a call instead of performing the associated data authentication operation. The empty data thus will not be authenticated. As this issue does not affect non-empty associated data authentication and we expect it to be rare for an application to use empty associated data entries this is qualified as low severity issue. 3.2.16 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Checking excessively long DH keys or parameters may be very slow. Applications that use the functions DH_check() DH_check_ex() or EVP_PKEY_param_check() to check a DH key or DH parameters may experience long delays. Where the key or parameters that are being checked have been obtained from an untrusted source this may lead to a denial of service. The function DH_check() performs various checks on DH parameters. After fixing CVE-2023-3446 it was discovered that a large q parameter value can also trigger an overly long computation during some of these checks. A correct q value if present cannot be larger than the modulus p parameter thus it is unnecessary to perform these checks if q is larger than p. An application that calls DH_check() and supplies a key or parameters obtained from an untrusted source could be vulnerable to a denial-of-service attack. The function DH_check() is itself called by a number of other OpenSSL functions. An application calling any of those other functions may similarly be affected. The other functions affected by this are DH_check_ex() and EVP_PKEY_param_check(). Also vulnerable are the OpenSSL dhparam and pkeyparam command line applications when using the -check option. The OpenSSL SSL/TLS implementation is not affected by this issue. OpenSSL 3.0 and 3.1 FIPS providers are not affected by this issue. 3.2.15 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Checking excessively long DH keys or parameters may be very slow. Applications that use the functions DH_check() DH_check_ex() or EVP_PKEY_param_check() to check a DH key or DH parameters may experience long delays. Where the key or parameters that are being checked have been obtained from an untrusted source this may lead to a denial of service. The function DH_check() performs various checks on DH parameters. One of those checks confirms that the modulus ('p' parameter) is not too large. Trying to use a very large modulus is slow and OpenSSL will not normally use a modulus which is over 10000 bits in length. However the DH_check() function checks numerous aspects of the key or parameters that have been supplied. Some of those checks use the supplied modulus value even if it has already been found to be too large. An application that calls DH_check() and supplies a key or parameters obtained from an untrusted source could be vulnerable to a denial-of-service attack. The function DH_check() is itself called by a number of other OpenSSL functions. An application calling any of those other functions may similarly be affected. The other functions affected by this are DH_check_ex() and EVP_PKEY_param_check(). Also vulnerable are the OpenSSL dhparam and pkeyparam command line applications when using the '-check' option. The OpenSSL SSL/TLS implementation is not affected by this issue. OpenSSL 3.0 and 3.1 FIPS providers are not affected by this issue. Some mod_proxy configurations on Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 through 2.4.55 allow a HTTP request smuggling attack. Configurations are affected when mod_proxy is enabled along with some form of RewriteRule or ProxyPassMatch in which a non-specific pattern matches some portion of the user-supplied request-target (URL) data and is then re-inserted into the proxied request-target using variable substitution. Request splitting/smuggling could result in bypass of access controls in the proxy server proxying unintended URLs to existing origin servers and cache poisoning."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-046-16,".  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at  . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability has a high attack complexity.  and this in the technical information paper  A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in FactoryTalk® Service Platform (FTSP). If exploited a malicious user with basic user group privileges could potentially sign into the software and receive FTSP Administrator Group privileges. A threat actor could potentially read and modify sensitive data delete data and render the FTSP system unavailable. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: . For more information about this issue please see to minimize the risk of vulnerability. Rockwell Automation encourages users with the affected software to apply the risk mitigations if possible. Additionally they encourage customers to implement Rockwell Automation reported this vulnerability to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Rockwell Automation reports that the following versions of FactoryTalk Service Platform are affected:  could allow malicious users with basic user group privileges to receive administrator group privileges. ; . policy. . "
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-051-01,"CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks:  ; .  could allow an attacker to obtain sensitive information or force the system to restart. Commend reports that the following versions of WS203VICM video door station are affected: A remote unauthenticated attacker may be able to send crafted messages to the web server of the Commend WS203VICM causing the system to restart interrupting service. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A remote attacker may be able to bypass access control of Commend WS203VICM by creating a malicious request. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A weak encoding is used to transmit credentials for WS203VICM. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Aarón Flecha Menéndez of S21sec reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Although this is an end-of-life product Commend has created new firmware to address the first two issues. The new firmware can be loaded via the program IP Station Config. To install the firmware follow the instructions below: For additional information please visit ). . policy. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. . in the technical information paper Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-051-02,". Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin versions d78dda6 and prior are vulnerable to out-of-bounds read during the process of analyzing a specific Ethercat packet. This could allow an attacker to crash the Zeek process and leak some information in memory. CISA recommends that users update Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin to Cameron Whitehead of HACK@UCF reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ).  could allow remote code execution. Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin versions d78dda6 and prior are vulnerable to out-of-bounds write while analyzing specific Ethercat datagrams. This could allow an attacker to cause arbitrary code execution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Industrial Control Systems Network Protocol Parsers (ICSNPP) - Ethercat Zeek Plugin versions d78dda6 and prior are vulnerable to out-of-bounds write in their primary analyses function for Ethercat communication packets. This could allow an attacker to cause arbitrary code execution. The following GitHub commits (versions) of ICSNPP - Ethercat Plugin a plugin for Zeek are affected: To help reduce successful exploitation users are encouraged to keep critical software updates and patches up to date in their system networks. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:   ; . policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including  in the technical information paper"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-051-03,"Mitsubishi Electric reports that the following electrical discharge machines are affected by this vulnerability in Microsoft Message Queuing service: Remote code execution vulnerability due to Microsoft Message Queuing service on Microsoft Windows exists in electrical discharge machines. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents.  could allow an attacker to disclose tamper with destroy or delete information in the products or cause a denial-of-service condition on the products. ; .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability) has been reported to CISA at this time. . in the technical information paper . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at .  including   CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. . For specific update instructions and additional details refer to Mitsubishi Electric recommends taking the mitigations listed below to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. Mitsubishi Electric recommends that users install the latest update. For information about how to install the update program please contact your local service center. Mitsubishi Electric reported this vulnerability to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-053-01,"No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks:  CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for policy.  ; . in the technical information paper and this . .  including Delta Electronics reported this vulnerability to CISA.  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: which includes DOPSoft v4.0.0.94. Delta recommends users upgrade to ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected product insecurely loads libraries which may allow an attacker to use DLL hijacking and takeover the system where the software is installed. The following Delta Electronics products are affected:  could allow an attacker to achieve remote code execution.  ."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-058-01,"in the technical information paper ). Mitsubishi Electric recommends that users take the following mitigation measures to minimize the risk of exploiting this vulnerability: For specific update instructions and additional details refer to CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .   .  including Mitsubishi Electric Corporation reported this vulnerability to CISA. . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for ; .  policy. and this  . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Mitsubishi Electric multiple FA products there is a denial-of-service (DoS) vulnerability that exists in the Ethernet function. A remote attacker could cause a temporary denial-of-service (DoS) condition for a certain period of time in the product's Ethernet communication by performing a TCP SYN Flood attack. Products with * are sold in limited regions. The following versions of Mitsubishi Electric MELSEC iQ-F Series a compact control platform are affected:  could allow a remote attacker to cause a temporary denial-of-service (DoS) condition for a certain period of time in the product's Ethernet communication by performing a TCP SYN Flood attack."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-060-01,"The following Delta Electronics products are affected: ; .  policy. and this  could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at  CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Delta Electronics CNCSoft-B versions 1.0.0.4 and prior are vulnerable to a stack-based buffer overflow which may allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Delta recommends users update to with Issue Date 2024-01-23 or later. Natnael Samson (@NattiSamson) working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative reported this vulnerability to CISA. .   .  including . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as:"
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-065-01,"). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to cross-site scripting which could allow an attacker to obtain and alter some information on the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is (  could allow a remote attacker to gain full system access. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to path traversal. This could allow an attacker to gain unauthorized access to the system and sensitive data. The following versions of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series are affected: Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to OS command injection which could allow an attacker to cause remote code execution. Versions of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series firmware 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to a file inclusion through path traversal which could give the attacker access to sensitive information. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 10.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 10.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior are vulnerable to unrestricted upload of malicious files which could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code. See Nice also recommends the following defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities: for more information. Nice/Nortek encourages users to upgrade to the latest firmware to mitigate the risk of these vulnerabilities. Please see Gjoko Krstic from Zero Science Lab reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). for additional information. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The application of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior allows users to perform certain actions via HTTP requests without performing any validity checks to verify the requests. An attacker could exploit this to perform certain actions with administrative privileges if a logged-in user visits a malicious web site. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior access control platform has SSH enabled with hardcoded credentials for the root account. This could allow an unauthenticated attacker to initiate a secure connection with highest privileges (root) and gain full system access. ). A stack-based buffer overflow exists affecting several CGI binaries of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior. The vulnerability is caused due to a boundary error in the processing of a user input which an attacker could exploit to cause a buffer overflow. Successful exploitation could allow execution of arbitrary code on the affected device. Users should contact with any questions. . ; .  policy. and this  Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). The application of Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior stores passwords in clear-text in its DBMS system. Storing a password in plaintext may result in a system compromise. ). Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior suffer from an authorization mechanism vulnerability. This could allow an attacker to escalate privileges and gain full control of the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An authorization bypass occurs in Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior when an authenticated attacker visits a specific GET request against the target resulting in disclosure of administrative credentials in clear-text. This allows the attacker to re-login with admin privileges and have full access to the control interface. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Hard-coded credentials are present in multiple binaries bundled in the Nice Linear eMerge E3-Series versions 1.00-06 and prior firmware OS. These hard-coded credentials typically create a significant hole that could allow an attacker to bypass the authentication configured by the software administrator."
https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-24-067-01,"and this policy.  could allow an attacker to take control and gain unrestricted physical access to systems using the affected product. ; .   Chirp Access improperly stores credentials within its source code potentially exposing sensitive information to unauthorized access. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 9.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Matt Brown reported this vulnerability to CISA. Chirp Systems has not responded to requests to work with CISA to mitigate this vulnerability. Users of the affected product are encouraged to contact support for additional information. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: .   .  including . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. The following Chirp Systems are affected:"
