   .  including . ; . policy. .  No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. This vulnerability has a high attack complexity. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . and this CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. and   The Treck TCP/IP stack on affected devices improperly handles length parameter inconsistencies. Unauthenticated remote attackers may be able to send specially crafted IP packets which could lead to a denial of service condition or remote code execution. The following Siemens products are affected: The Treck TCP/IP stack on affected devices improperly handles length parameter inconsistencies. Unauthenticated remote attackers may be able to send specially crafted IP packets which could lead to a denial-of-service condition or remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). . A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-647068 in . A base score of 7.7 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for
