3.2.124 3.2.121 A path traversal vulnerability exists in curl <8.0.0 SFTP implementation causes the tilde () character to be wrongly replaced when used as a prefix in the first path element in addition to its intended use as the first element to indicate a path relative to the user's home directory. Attackers can exploit this flaw to bypass filtering or execute arbitrary code by crafting a path like /2/foo while accessing a server with a specific user. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.122 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An issue was discovered in Dnsmasq before 2.90. The default maximum EDNS.0 UDP packet size was set to 4096 but should be 1232 because of DNS Flag Day 2020. An authentication bypass vulnerability exists libcurl prior to 8.0.0 in the connection reuse feature which can reuse previously established connections with incorrect user permissions due to a failure to check for changes in the CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION option. This vulnerability affects krb5/kerberos/negotiate/GSSAPI transfers and could potentially result in unauthorized access to sensitive information. The safest option is to not reuse connections if the CURLOPT_GSSAPI_DELEGATION option has been changed. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). An authentication bypass vulnerability exists in libcurl <8.0.0 in the FTP connection reuse feature that can result in wrong credentials being used during subsequent transfers. Previously created connections are kept in a connection pool for reuse if they match the current setup. However certain FTP settings such as CURLOPT_FTP_ACCOUNT CURLOPT_FTP_ALTERNATIVE_TO_USER CURLOPT_FTP_SSL_CCC and CURLOPT_USE_SSL were not included in the configuration match checks causing them to match too easily. This could lead to libcurl using the wrong credentials when performing a transfer potentially allowing unauthorized access to sensitive information. 3.2.123 3.2.119 HTTP response smuggling vulnerability in Apache HTTP Server via mod_proxy_uwsgi. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server: from 2.4.30 through 2.4.55. Special characters in the origin response header can truncate/split the response forwarded to the client. 3.2.120 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( loadImage() in tools/tiffcrop.c in LibTIFF through 4.5.0 has a heap-based use after free via a crafted TIFF image. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In Epiphany (aka GNOME Web) through 43.0 untrusted web content can trick users into exfiltrating passwords because autofill occurs in sandboxed contexts. 3.2.118 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In phpMyAdmin before 4.9.11 and 5.x before 5.2.1 an authenticated user can trigger XSS by uploading a crafted .sql file through the drag-and-drop interface. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.117 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.129 do_tls_getsockopt in net/tls/tls_main.c in the Linux kernel through 6.2.6 lacks a lock_sock call leading to a race condition (with a resultant use after free or NULL pointer dereference). 3.2.133 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Extremely large RSA keys in certificate chains can cause a client/server to expend significant CPU time verifying signatures. With fix the size of RSA keys transmitted during handshakes is restricted to <= 8192 bits. Based on a survey of publicly trusted RSA keys there are currently only three certificates in circulation with keys larger than this and all three appear to be test certificates that are not actively deployed. It is possible there are larger keys in use in private PKIs but we target the web PKI so causing breakage here in the interests of increasing the default safety of users of crypto/tls seems reasonable. 3.2.132 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The HTTP/1 client does not fully validate the contents of the host header. A maliciously crafted host header can inject additional headers or entire requests. With fix the HTTP/1 client now refuses to send requests containing an invalid Request.Host or Request.URL.Host value. 3.2.131 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The go command may execute arbitrary code at build time when using cgo. This may occur when running go get on a malicious module or when running any other command which builds untrusted code. This is can by triggered by linker flags specified via a #cgo LDFLAGS directive. Flags containing embedded spaces are mishandled allowing disallowed flags to be smuggled through the LDFLAGS sanitization by including them in the argument of another flag. This only affects usage of the gccgo compiler. 3.2.130 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The go command may execute arbitrary code at build time when using cgo. This may occur when running go get on a malicious module or when running any other command which builds untrusted code. This is can by triggered by linker flags specified via a #cgo LDFLAGS directive. The arguments for a number of flags which are non-optional are incorrectly considered optional allowing disallowed flags to be smuggled through the LDFLAGS sanitization. This affects usage of both the gc and gccgo compilers. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.126 Sudo before 1.9.13 does not escape control characters in log messages. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.125 3.2.127 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.128 The go command may generate unexpected code at build time when using cgo. This may result in unexpected behavior when running a go program which uses cgo. This may occur when running an untrusted module which contains directories with newline characters in their names. Modules which are retrieved using the go command i.e. via go get are not affected (modules retrieved using GOPATH-mode i.e. GO111MODULE=off may be affected). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Sudo before 1.9.13 does not escape control characters in sudoreplay output. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.112 3.2.116 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( tpm2-tss is an open source software implementation of the Trusted Computing Group (TCG) Trusted Platform Module (TPM) 2 Software Stack (TSS2). In affected versions Tss2_RC_SetHandler and Tss2_RC_Decodeboth index into layer_handlerwith an 8 bit layer number but the array only has TPM2_ERROR_TSS2_RC_LAYER_COUNTentries so trying to add a handler for higher-numbered layers or decode a response code with such a layer number reads/writes past the end of the buffer. This buffer overrun could result in arbitrary code execution. An example attack would be a MiTM bus attack that returns 0xFFFFFFFF for the RC. Given the common use case of TPM modules an attacker must have local access to the target machine with local system privileges which allows access to the TPM system. Usually TPM access requires administrative privilege. 3.2.106 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( libgit2 is a cross-platform linkable library implementation of Git. When using an SSH remote with the optional libssh2 backend libgit2 does not perform certificate checking by default. Prior versions of libgit2 require the caller to set the certificate_checkfield of libgit2's git_remote_callbacksstructure - if a certificate check callback is not set libgit2 does not perform any certificate checking. This means that by default - without configuring a certificate check callback clients will not perform validation on the server SSH keys and may be subject to a man-in-the-middle attack. Users are encouraged to upgrade to v1.4.5 or v1.5.1. Users unable to upgrade should ensure that all relevant certificates are manually checked. 3.2.105 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Git is a revision control system. Using a specially-crafted repository Git prior to versions 2.39.2 2.38.4 2.37.6 2.36.5 2.35.7 2.34.7 2.33.7 2.32.6 2.31.7 and 2.30.8 can be tricked into using its local clone optimization even when using a non-local transport. Though Git will abort local clones whose source $GIT_DIR/objectsdirectory contains symbolic links the objectsdirectory itself may still be a symbolic link. These two may be combined to include arbitrary files based on known paths on the victim's filesystem within the malicious repository's working copy allowing for data exfiltration in a similar manner as CVE-2022-39253.A fix has been prepared and will appear in v2.39.2 v2.38.4 v2.37.6 v2.36.5 v2.35.7 v2.34.7 v2.33.7 v2.32.6 v2.31.7 and v2.30.8. If upgrading is impractical two short-term workarounds are available. Avoid cloning repositories from untrusted sources with --recurse-submodules. Instead consider cloning repositories without recursively cloning their submodules and instead run git submodule updateat each layer. Before doing so inspect each new .gitmodulesfile to ensure that it does not contain suspicious module URLs. 3.2.104 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.107 In multiple functions of binder.c there is a possible memory corruption due to a use after free. This could lead to local escalation of privilege with no additional execution privileges needed. User interaction is not needed for exploitation. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue in Zen 2 CPUs under specific microarchitectural circumstances may allow an attacker to potentially access sensitive information. 3.2.102 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A flaw was found in the Linux kernel's TUN/TAP functionality. This issue could allow a local user to bypass network filters and gain unauthorized access to some resources. The original patches fixing CVE-2023-1076 are incorrect or incomplete. The problem is that the following upstream commits - a096ccca6e50 (tun: tun_chr_open(): correctly initialize socket uid) - 66b2c338adce (tap: tap_open(): correctly initialize socket uid) pass inode->i_uid to sock_init_data_uid() as the last parameter and that is not accurate. 3.2.101 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A use-after-free vulnerability in net/sched/cls_fw.c in classifiers (cls_fw cls_u32 and cls_route) in the Linux kernel allows a local attacker to perform a local privilege escalation due to incorrect handling of the existing filter leading to a kernel information leak. 3.2.100 A buffer overflow vulnerability found in Libtiff V.4.0.7 allows a local attacker to cause a denial of service via the tiffcp function in tiffcp.c. ). 3.2.103 cbq_classify in net/sched/sch_cbq.c in the Linux kernel through 6.1.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (slab-out-of-bounds read) because of type confusion (non-negative numbers can sometimes indicate a TC_ACT_SHOT condition rather than valid classification results). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A flaw was found in Binutils. The field the_bfdof asymbol struct is uninitialized in the bfd_mach_o_get_synthetic_symtabfunction which may lead to an application crash and local denial of service. 3.2.115 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( hb-ot-layout-gsubgpos.hh in HarfBuzz through 6.0.0 allows attackers to trigger quadratic growth via consecutive marks during the process of looking back for base glyphs when attaching marks. 3.2.114 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Redis is an in-memory database that persists on disk. Authenticated users issuing specially crafted SRANDMEMBER ZRANDMEMBER and HRANDFIELDcommands can trigger an integer overflow resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. This problem affects all Redis versions. Patches were released in Redis version(s) 6.0.18 6.2.11 and 7.0.9. 3.2.113 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( containerd is an open source container runtime. Before versions 1.6.18 and 1.5.18 when importing an OCI image there was no limit on the number of bytes read for certain files. A maliciously crafted image with a large file where a limit was not applied could cause a denial of service. This bug has been fixed in containerd 1.6.18 and 1.5.18. Users should update to these versions to resolve the issue. As a workaround ensure that only trusted images are used and that only trusted users have permissions to import images. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.108 cryptography is a package designed to expose cryptographic primitives and recipes to Python developers. In affected versions Cipher.update_intowould accept Python objects which implement the buffer protocol but provide only immutable buffers. This would allow immutable objects (such as bytes) to be mutated thus violating fundamental rules of Python and resulting in corrupted output. This now correctly raises an exception. This issue has been present since update_into was originally introduced in cryptography 1.8. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.109 Werkzeug is a comprehensive WSGI web application library. Browsers may allow nameless cookies that look like =valueinstead of key=value. A vulnerable browser may allow a compromised application on an adjacent subdomain to exploit this to set a cookie like =__Host-test=badfor another subdomain. Werkzeug prior to 2.2.3 will parse the cookie =__Host-test=badas __Host-test=bad. If a Werkzeug application is running next to a vulnerable or malicious subdomain which sets such a cookie using a vulnerable browser the Werkzeug application will see the bad cookie value but the valid cookie key. The issue is fixed in Werkzeug 2.2.3. Some mod_proxy configurations on Apache HTTP Server versions 2.4.0 through 2.4.55 allow a HTTP request smuggling attack. Configurations are affected when mod_proxy is enabled along with some form of RewriteRule or ProxyPassMatch in which a non-specific pattern matches some portion of the user-supplied request-target (URL) data and is then re-inserted into the proxied request-target using variable substitution. Request splitting/smuggling could result in bypass of access controls in the proxy server proxying unintended URLs to existing origin servers and cache poisoning. Users are recommended to update to at least version 2.4.56 of Apache HTTP Server. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 2.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.110 Git a revision control system is vulnerable to path traversal prior to versions 2.39.2 2.38.4 2.37.6 2.36.5 2.35.7 2.34.7 2.33.7 2.32.6 2.31.7 and 2.30.8. By feeding a crafted input to git apply a path outside the working tree can be overwritten as the user who is running git apply. A fix has been prepared and will appear in v2.39.2 v2.38.4 v2.37.6 v2.36.5 v2.35.7 v2.34.7 v2.33.7 v2.32.6 v2.31.7 and v2.30.8. As a workaround use git apply --statto inspect a patch before applying; avoid applying one that creates a symbolic link and then creates a file beyond the symbolic link. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.2 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.111 Go templates do not properly consider backticks (`) as Javascript string delimiters and do not escape them as expected. Backticks are used since ES6 for JS template literals. If a template contains a Go template action within a Javascript template literal the contents of the action can be used to terminate the literal injecting arbitrary Javascript code into the Go template. As ES6 template literals are rather complex and themselves can do string interpolation the decision was made to simply disallow Go template actions from being used inside of them (e.g. var a = {{.}}) since there is no obviously safe way to allow this behavior. This takes the same approach as github.com/google/safehtml. With fix Template.Parse returns an error when it encounters templates like this with an ErrorCode of value 12. This ErrorCode is currently unexported but will be exported in the release of Go 1.21. Users who rely on the previous behavior can re-enable it using the GODEBUG flag jstmpllitinterp=1 with the caveat that backticks will now be escaped. This should be used with caution. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.134 3.2.159 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Certifi is a curated collection of root certificates for validating the trustworthiness of SSL certificates while verifying the identity of TLS hosts. Certifi prior to version 2023.07.22 recognizes e-Tugra root certificates. e-Tugra's root certificates were subject to an investigation prompted by reporting of security issues in their systems. Certifi 2023.07.22 removes root certificates from e-Tugra from the root store. 3.2.158 ). Artifex Ghostscript through 10.01.2 mishandles permission validation for pipe devices (with the %pipe% prefix or the | pipe character prefix). 3.2.157 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A regular expression denial of service issue was discovered in the URI component before 0.12.2 for Ruby. The URI parser mishandles invalid URLs that have specific characters. There is an increase in execution time for parsing strings to URI objects with rfc2396_parser.rb and rfc3986_parser.rb. This issue exists becuse of an incomplete fix for CVE-2023-28755. Version 0.10.3 is also a fixed version. 3.2.156 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A buffer overflow flaw was found in base/gdevdevn.c:1973 in devn_pcx_write_rle() in ghostscript. This issue may allow a local attacker to cause a denial of service via outputting a crafted PDF file for a DEVN device with gs. lib/kadm5/kadm_rpc_xdr.c in MIT Kerberos 5 (aka krb5) before 1.20.2 and 1.21.x before 1.21.1 frees an uninitialized pointer. A remote authenticated user can trigger a kadmind crash. This occurs because _xdr_kadm5_principal_ent_rec does not validate the relationship between n_key_data and the key_data array count. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.2. A use after free was found in renesas_usb3_remove in drivers/usb/gadget/udc/renesas_usb3.c. 3.2.154 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.2. A use after free was found in dm1105_remove in drivers/media/pci/dm1105/dm1105.c. 3.2.153 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.2. A use after free was found in saa7134_finidev in drivers/media/pci/saa7134/saa7134-core.c. 3.2.152 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.155 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.160 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ; .  policy. and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   An issue was discovered in l2cap_sock_release in net/bluetooth/l2cap_sock.c in the Linux kernel before 6.4.10. There is a use-after-free because the children of an sk are mishandled. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has released for SCALANCE X-300 and recommends updating to the latest version. An issue was discovered in the C AMQP client library (aka rabbitmq-c) through 0.13.0 for RabbitMQ. Credentials can only be entered on the command line (e.g. for amqp-publish or amqp-consume) and are thus visible to local attackers by listing a process and its arguments. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-806742 in and .  and following recommendations in the product manuals. ). 3.2.151 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue found in Frrouting bgpd v.8.4.2 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via the bgp_capability_llgr() function. 3.2.141 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( qfq_change_class in net/sched/sch_qfq.c in the Linux kernel before 6.2.13 allows an out-of-bounds write because lmax can exceed QFQ_MIN_LMAX. 3.2.140 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. When /dev/urandom or RtlGenRandom() are unavailable c-ares uses rand() to generate random numbers used for DNS query ids. This is not a CSPRNG and it is also not seeded by srand() so will generate predictable output. Input from the random number generator is fed into a non-compilant RC4 implementation and may not be as strong as the original RC4 implementation. No attempt is made to look for modern OS-provided CSPRNGs like arc4random() that is widely available. This issue has been fixed in version 1.19.1. 3.2.139 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. ares_inet_net_pton() is vulnerable to a buffer underflow for certain ipv6 addresses; in particular 0::00:00:00/2 was found to cause an issue. C-ares only uses this function internally for configuration purposes which would require an administrator to configure such an address via ares_set_sortlist(). However users may externally use ares_inet_net_pton() for other purposes and thus be vulnerable to more severe issues. This issue has been fixed in 1.19.1. ). 3.2.138 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. When cross-compiling c-ares and using the autotools build system CARES_RANDOM_FILE will not be set as seen when cross compiling aarch64 android. This will downgrade to using rand() as a fallback which could allow an attacker to take advantage of the lack of entropy by not using a CSPRNG. This issue was patched in version 1.19.1. 3.2.137 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_frontend.c in the Linux kernel 6.2. There is a blocking operation when a task is in !TASK_RUNNING. In dvb_frontend_get_event wait_event_interruptible is called; the condition is dvb_frontend_test_event(feprivevents). In dvb_frontend_test_event down(&fepriv->sem) is called. However wait_event_interruptible would put the process to sleep and down(&fepriv->sem) may block the process. 3.2.136 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The Linux kernel before 6.2.9 has a race condition and resultant use after free in drivers/power/supply/da9150-charger.c if a physically proximate attacker unplugs a device. 3.2.135 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in arch/x86/kvm/vmx/nested.c in the Linux kernel before 6.2.8. nVMX on x86_64 lacks consistency checks for CR0 and CR4. ). 3.2.142 c-ares is an asynchronous resolver library. c-ares is vulnerable to denial of service. If a target resolver sends a query the attacker forges a malformed UDP packet with a length of 0 and returns them to the target resolver. The target resolver erroneously interprets the 0 length as a graceful shutdown of the connection. This issue has been patched in version 1.19.1. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in fl_set_geneve_opt in net/sched/cls_flower.c in the Linux kernel before 6.3.7. It allows an out-of-bounds write in the flower classifier code via TCA_FLOWER_KEY_ENC_OPTS_GENEVE packets. This may result in denial of service or privilege escalation. 3.2.150 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Linux kernel nftables out-of-bounds read/write vulnerability; nft_byteorder poorly handled vm register contents when CAP_NET_ADMIN is in any user or network namespace 3.2.149 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( D-Bus before 1.15.6 sometimes allows unprivileged users to crash dbus-daemon. If a privileged user with control over the dbus-daemon is using the org.freedesktop.DBus.Monitoring interface to monitor message bus traffic then an unprivileged user with the ability to connect to the same dbus-daemon can cause a dbus-daemon crash under some circumstances via an unreplyable message. When done on the well-known system bus this is a denial-of-service vulnerability. The fixed versions are 1.12.28 1.14.8 and 1.15.6. 3.2.148 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A vulnerability in Outline.cc for Poppler prior to 23.06.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a crafted PDF file in OutlineItem::open. 3.2.147 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel before 6.3.3. There is an out-of-bounds read in crc16 in lib/crc16.c when called from fs/ext4/super.c because ext4_group_desc_csum does not properly check an offset. ). 3.2.143 In the Linux kernel through 6.3.1 a use-after-free in Netfilter nf_tables when processing batch requests can be abused to perform arbitrary read and write operations on kernel memory. Unprivileged local users can obtain root privileges. This occurs because anonymous sets are mishandled. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.144 ). In Qt before 5.15.14 6.0.x through 6.2.x before 6.2.9 and 6.3.x through 6.5.x before 6.5.1 QtSvg QSvgFont m_unitsPerEm initialization is mishandled. ). 3.2.145 The Linux kernel before 6.2.9 has a race condition and resultant use-after-free in drivers/net/ethernet/qualcomm/emac/emac.c if a physically proximate attacker unplugs an emac based device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.146 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A use-after-free flaw was found in nfc_llcp_find_local in net/nfc/llcp_core.c in NFC in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows a local user with special privileges to impact a kernel information leak issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.32 Improper exposure of client IP addresses in net/http before Go 1.17.12 and Go 1.18.4 can be triggered by calling httputil.ReverseProxy.ServeHTTP with a Request.Header map containing a nil value for the X-Forwarded-For header which causes ReverseProxy to set the client IP as the value of the X-Forwarded-For header. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.33 GnuPG through 2.3.6 in unusual situations where an attacker possesses any secret-key information from a victim's keyring and other constraints (e.g. use of GPGME) are met allows signature forgery via injection into the status line. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In GNOME Epiphany before 41.4 and 42.x before 42.2 an HTML document can trigger a client buffer overflow (in ephy_string_shorten in the UI process) via a long page title. The issue occurs because the number of bytes for a UTF-8 ellipsis character is not properly considered. ). An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel through 5.18.9. A type confusion bug in nft_set_elem_init (leading to a buffer overflow) could be used by a local attacker to escalate privileges a different vulnerability than CVE-2022-32250. (The attacker can obtain root access but must start with an unprivileged user namespace to obtain CAP_NET_ADMIN access.) This can be fixed in nft_setelem_parse_data in net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.35 Redis is an in-memory database that persists on disk. Authenticated users can use string matching commands (like SCAN or KEYS) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis causing it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. The problem is fixed in Redis versions 6.0.18 6.2.11 7.0.9. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.36 In libarchive before 3.6.2 the software does not check for an error after calling calloc function that can return with a NULL pointer if the function fails which leads to a resultant NULL pointer dereference. NOTE: the discoverer cites this CWE-476 remark but third parties dispute the code-execution impact: In rare circumstances when NULL is equivalent to the 0x0 memory address and privileged code can access it then writing or reading memory is possible which may lead to code execution. 3.2.34 3.2.31 ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.25 There is a possible overflow in handle_image() when shim tries to load and execute crafted EFI executables; The handle_image() function takes into account the SizeOfRawData field from each section to be loaded. An attacker can leverage this to perform out-of-bound writes to memory. Arbitrary code execution is not discarded in such scenario. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.26 A double free was found in the Regexp compiler in Ruby 3.x before 3.0.4 and 3.1.x before 3.1.2. If a victim attempts to create a Regexp from untrusted user input an attacker may be able to write to unexpected memory locations. ). 3.2.27 There is a buffer over read in Ruby before 2.6.10 2.7.x before 2.7.6 3.x before 3.0.4 and 3.1.x before 3.1.2. It occurs in string-to-float conversion including Kernel#Float and String#to_f. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.28 An issue was discovered in rsync before 3.2.5 that allows malicious remote servers to write arbitrary files inside the directories of connecting peers. The server chooses which files or directories are sent to the client. However the rsync client performs insufficient validation of file names. A malicious rsync server (or man-in-the-middle attacker) can overwrite arbitrary files in the rsync client target directory and subdirectories (for example overwrite the .ssh/authorized_keys file). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.29 runc is a CLI tool for spawning and running containers on Linux according to the OCI specification. A bug was found in runc prior to version 1.1.2 whererunc exec --cap created processes with non-empty inheritable Linux process capabilities creating an atypical Linux environment and enabling programs with inheritable file capabilities to elevate those capabilities to the permitted set during execve(2). This bug did not affect the container security sandbox as the inheritable set never contained more capabilities than were included in the container's bounding set. This bug has been fixed in runc 1.1.2. This fix changesrunc exec --capbehavior such that the additional capabilities granted to the process being executed (as specified via--caparguments) do not include inheritable capabilities. In addition runc specis changed to not set any inheritable capabilities in the created example OCI spec (config.json) file. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.30 Git is a distributed revision control system. Git prior to versions 2.37.1 2.36.2 2.35.4 2.34.4 2.33.4 2.32.3 2.31.4 and 2.30.5 is vulnerable to privilege escalation in all platforms. An unsuspecting user could still be affected by the issue reported in CVE-2022-24765 for example when navigating as root into a shared tmp directory that is owned by them but where an attacker could create a git repository. Versions 2.37.1 2.36.2 2.35.4 2.34.4 2.33.4 2.32.3 2.31.4 and 2.30.5 contain a patch for this issue. The simplest way to avoid being affected by the exploit described in the example is to avoid running git as root (or an administrator in Windows) and if needed to reduce its use to a minimum. While a generic workaround is not possible a system could be hardened from the exploit described in the example by removing any such repository if it exists already and creating one as root to block any future attacks. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.37 Inconsistent interpretation of HTTP requests ('HTTP Request Smuggling') vulnerability in mod_proxy_ajp of Apache HTTP Server allows an attacker to smuggle requests to the AJP server it forwards requests to. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server Apache HTTP Server 2.4 version 2.4.54 and prior versions. ). 3.2.44 An integer overflow vulnerability in pcre2test before 10.41 allows attackers to cause a denial of service or other unspecified impacts via negative input. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.45 A resource leak in gw_backend.c in lighttpd 1.4.56 through 1.4.66 could lead to a denial of service (connection-slot exhaustion) after a large amount of anomalous TCP behavior by clients. It is related to RDHUP mishandling in certain HTTP/1.1 chunked situations. Use of mod_fastcgi is for example affected. This is fixed in 1.4.67. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.46 Programs which compile regular expressions from untrusted sources may be vulnerable to memory exhaustion or denial of service. The parsed regexp representation is linear in the size of the input but in some cases the constant factor can be as high as 40000 making relatively small regexps consume much larger amounts of memory. After fix each regexp being parsed is limited to a 256 MB memory footprint. Regular expressions whose representation would use more space than that are rejected. Normal use of regular expressions is unaffected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.47 An attacker can cause excessive memory growth in a Go server accepting HTTP/2 requests. HTTP/2 server connections contain a cache of HTTP header keys sent by the client. While the total number of entries in this cache is capped an attacker sending very large keys can cause the server to allocate approximately 64 MiB per open connection. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.48 A maliciously crafted HTTP/2 stream could cause excessive CPU consumption in the HPACK decoder sufficient to cause a denial of service from a small number of small requests. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Git is an open source scalable distributed revision control system. git shellis a restricted login shell that can be used to implement Git's push/pull functionality via SSH. In versions prior to 2.30.6 2.31.5 2.32.4 2.33.5 2.34.5 2.35.5 2.36.3 and 2.37.4 the function that splits the command arguments into an array improperly uses anint to represent the number of entries in the array allowing a malicious actor to intentionally overflow the return value leading to arbitrary heap writes. Because the resulting array is then passed to execv() it is possible to leverage this attack to gain remote code execution on a victim machine. Note that a victim must first allow access to git shellas a login shell in order to be vulnerable to this attack. This problem is patched in versions 2.30.6 2.31.5 2.32.4 2.33.5 2.34.5 2.35.5 2.36.3 and 2.37.4 and users are advised to upgrade to the latest version. Disabling git shellaccess via remote logins is a viable short-term workaround. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.38 Prior to Apache HTTP Server 2.4.55 a malicious backend can cause the response headers to be truncated early resulting in some headers being incorporated into the response body. If the later headers have any security purpose they will not be interpreted by the client. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.39 The Keccak XKCP SHA-3 reference implementation before fdc6fef has an integer overflow and resultant buffer overflow that allows attackers to execute arbitrary code or eliminate expected cryptographic properties. This occurs in the sponge function interface. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.40 In lighttpd 1.4.65 mod_wstunnel does not initialize a handler function pointer if an invalid HTTP request (websocket handshake) is received. It leads to null pointer dereference which crashes the server. It could be used by an external attacker to cause denial-of-service condition. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.41 An integer overflow in the RFC3164 parser in One Identity syslog-ng 3.0 through 3.37 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via crafted syslog input that is mishandled by the tcp or network function. syslog-ng Premium Edition 7.0.30 and syslog-ng Store Box 6.10.0 are also affected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.42 An issue was discovered the x86 KVM subsystem in the Linux kernel before 5.18.17. Unprivileged guest users can compromise the guest kernel because TLB flush operations are mishandled in certain KVM_VCPU_PREEMPTED situations. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.43 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A logic issue was addressed with improved state management. This issue is fixed in Security Update 2022-003 Catalina macOS Monterey 12.3 macOS Big Sur 11.6.5. An application may be able to gain elevated privileges. 3.2.24 3.2.6 An issue was discovered in Dropbear through 2020.81. It is possible for an SSH server to change the login process in its favor due to a non-RFC-compliant check of the available authentication methods in the client-side SSH code. This attack can bypass additional security measures such as FIDO2 tokens or SSH-Askpass. Thus it allows an attacker to abuse a forwarded agent for logging on to another server unnoticed. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.7 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.8 In Mbed TLS before 3.1.0 psa_aead_generate_nonce allows policy bypass or oracle-based decryption when the output buffer is at memory locations accessible to an untrusted application. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.9 There is a flaw in the Linux kernel in linux/net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c of the netfilter subsystem. This flaw allows a local user to cause an out-of-bounds write issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.10 There is a vulnerability in the way the state file is created in logrotate. The state file is used to prevent parallel executions of multiple instances of logrotate by acquiring and releasing a file lock. When the state file does not exist it is created with world-readable permission allowing an unprivileged user to lock the state file stopping any rotation. This flaw affects logrotate versions before 3.20.0. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.11 A use-after-free flaw was found in nf_tables cross-table in the net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c function in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows a local privileged attacker to cause a use-after-free problem at the time of table deletion possibly leading to local privilege escalation. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.5 3.2.99    could affect confidentiality integrity or system availability. Siemens reports that the following versions of SCALANCE XCM-/XRM-300 switches used to connect industrial components are affected: 3.2.1 A carefully crafted If: request header can cause a memory read or write of a single zero byte in a pool (heap) memory location beyond the header value sent. This could cause the process to crash. This issue affects Apache HTTP Server 2.4.54 and earlier. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.2 A flaw was found in python. In algorithms with quadratic time complexity using non-binary bases when using int(text) a system could take 50ms to parse an int string with 100000 digits and 5s for 1000000 digits (float decimal int.from_bytes() and int() for binary bases 2 4 8 16 and 32 are not affected). The highest threat from this vulnerability is to system availability. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.3 A flaw was found in libdnf's signature verification functionality in versions before 0.60.1. This flaw allows an attacker to achieve code execution if they can alter the header information of an RPM package and then trick a user or system into installing it. The highest risk of this vulnerability is to confidentiality integrity as well as system availability. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.4 An out-of-bounds memory access flaw was found in the ATI VGA device emulation of QEMU. This flaw occurs in the ati_2d_blt() routine while handling MMIO write operations when the guest provides invalid values for the destination display parameters. A malicious guest could use this flaw to crash the QEMU process on the host resulting in a denial of service. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A vulnerability was found in the fs/inode.c:inode_init_owner() function logic of the Linux kernel that allows local users to create files for the XFS file-system with an unintended group ownership and with group execution and SGID permission bits set in a scenario where a directory is SGID and belongs to a certain group and is writable by a user who is not a member of this group. This can lead to excessive permissions granted in case when they should not. This vulnerability is similar to the previous CVE-2018-13405 and adds the missed fix for the XFS. 3.2.49 ). Requests forwarded by ReverseProxy include raw query parameters from the inbound request including unparsable parameters rejected by net/http. This could permit query parameter smuggling when a Go proxy forwards a parameter with an unparsable value. Once the fix is applied ReverseProxy sanitizes the query parameters in the forwarded query when the outbound request's Form field is set after the ReverseProxy. Director function returns indicating that the proxy has parsed the query parameters. Proxies which do not parse query parameters continue to forward the original query parameters unchanged. ). 3.2.19 A vulnerability was found in PHP where setting the environment variable PHP_CLI_SERVER_WORKERS to a large value leads to a heap buffer overflow. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.20 A flaw was found in the c-ares package. The ares_set_sortlist is missing checks for the validity of the input string which allows a possible arbitrary length stack overflow. This issue may cause a denial of service or a limited impact on confidentiality and integrity. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.21 containerd is an open source container runtime. A bug was found in containerd's CRI implementation where a user can exhaust memory on the host. In the CRI stream server a goroutine is launched to handle terminal resize events if a TTY is requested. If the user's process fails to launch due to for example a faulty command the goroutine will be stuck waiting to send without a receiver resulting in a memory leak. Kubernetes and crictl can both be configured to use containerd's CRI implementation and the stream server is used for handling container IO. This bug has been fixed in containerd 1.6.12 and 1.5.16. Users should update to these versions to resolve the issue. Users unable to upgrade should ensure that only trusted images and commands are used and that only trusted users have permissions to execute commands in running containers. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.22 Git is distributed revision control system. gitattributes are a mechanism to allow defining attributes for paths. These attributes can be defined by adding a.gitattributes file to the repository which contains a set of file patterns and the attributes that should be set for paths matching this pattern. When parsing gitattributes multiple integer overflows can occur when there is a huge number of path patterns a huge number of attributes for a single pattern or when the declared attribute names are huge. These overflows can be triggered via a crafted.gitattributes file that may be part of the commit history. Git silently splits lines longer than 2KB when parsing gitattributes from a file but not when parsing them from the index. Consequentially the failure mode depends on whether the file exists in the working tree the index or both. This integer overflow can result in arbitrary heap reads and writes which may result in remote code execution. The problem has been patched in the versions published on 2023-01-17 going back to v2.30.7. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.23 Redis is an in-memory database that persists on disk. A specially crafted Lua script executing in Redis can trigger a heap overflow in the cjson library and result with heap corruption and potentially remote code execution. The problem exists in all versions of Redis with Lua scripting support starting from 2.6 and affects only authenticated and authorized users. The problem is fixed in versions 7.0.12 6.2.13 and 6.0.20. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.12 A double-free flaw was found in the Linux kernel's TUN/TAP device driver functionality in how a user registers the device when the register_netdevice function fails (NETDEV_REGISTER notifier). This flaw allows a local user to crash or potentially escalate their privileges on the system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.13 Users may have access to secure endpoints in the control plane network. Kubernetes clusters are only affected if an untrusted user can modify Node objects and send proxy requests to them. Kubernetes supports node proxying which allows clients of kube-apiserver to access endpoints of a Kubelet to establish connections to Pods retrieve container logs and more. While Kubernetes already validates the proxying address for Nodes a bug in kube-apiserver made it possible to bypass this validation. Bypassing this validation could allow authenticated requests destined for Nodes to to the API server's private network. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.14 A heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability was found in Samba within the GSSAPI unwrap_des() and unwrap_des3() routines of Heimdal. The DES and Triple-DES decryption routines in the Heimdal GSSAPI library allow a length-limited write buffer overflow on malloc() allocated memory when presented with a maliciously small packet. This flaw allows a remote user to send specially crafted malicious data to the application possibly resulting in a denial-of-service attack. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.15 A vulnerability was found in the Libksba library due to an integer overflow within the CRL parser. The vulnerability can be exploited remotely for code execution on the target system by passing specially crafted data to the application. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.16 A vulnerability was found in systemd. This security flaw can cause a local information leak due to systemd-coredump not respecting the fs.suid_dumpable kernel setting. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.17 A potential memory leak issue was discovered in SDL2 in GLES_CreateTexture() function in SDL_render_gles.c. The vulnerability allows an attacker to cause a denial-of-service attack. The vulnerability affects SDL2 v2.0.4 and above. SDL-1.x are not affected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.18 In freeradius when an EAP-SIM supplicant sends an unknown SIM option the server will try to look that option up in the internal dictionaries. This lookup will fail but the SIM code will not check for that failure. Instead it will dereference a NULL pointer and cause the server to crash. A denial of service vulnerability exists in mbed TLS 3.0.0 and earlier in the mbedtls_pkcs12_derivation function when an input password's length is 0. ). A vulnerability was found in the HCI sockets implementation due to a missing capability check in net/bluetooth/hci_sock.c in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows an attacker to unauthorized execution of management commands compromising the confidentiality integrity and availability of Bluetooth communication. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.82 An out-of-bounds memory access flaw was found in the Linux kernel's XFS file system in how a user restores an XFS image after failure (with a dirty log journal). This flaw allows a local user to crash or potentially escalate their privileges on the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.83 An out-of-bounds write vulnerability was found in the Linux kernel's SLIMpro I2C device driver. The userspace data->block[0] variable was not capped to a number between 0-255 and was used as the size of a memcpy possibly writing beyond the end of dma_buffer. This flaw could allow a local privileged user to crash the system or potentially achieve code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.84 A denial-of-service problem was found due to a possible recursive locking scenario resulting in a deadlock in table_clear in drivers/md/dm-ioctl.c in the Linux kernel Device Mapper-Multipathing sub-component. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.85 A flaw was found in the 9p passthrough filesystem (9pfs) implementation in QEMU. The 9pfs server did not prohibit opening special files on the host side potentially allowing a malicious client to escape from the exported 9p tree by creating and opening a device file in the shared folder. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.86 A vulnerability was found in openldap. This security flaw causes a null pointer dereference in ber_memalloc_x() function. 3.2.81 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A use-after-free flaw was found in ndlc_remove in drivers/nfc/st-nci/ndlc.c in the Linux kernel. This flaw could allow an attacker to crash the system due to a race problem. ). 3.2.75 A use-after-free flaw in the Linux kernel Xircom 16-bit PCMCIA (PC-card) Ethernet driver was found. A local user could use this flaw to crash the system or potentially escalate their privileges on the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.76 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.77 A use-after-free flaw was found in xgene_hwmon_remove in drivers/hwmon/xgene-hwmon.c in the Hardware Monitoring Linux kernel Driver (xgene-hwmon). This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system due to a race problem. This vulnerability could even lead to a kernel information leak problem. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.78 A use-after-free flaw was found in xen_9pfs_front_removet in net/9p/trans_xen.c in Xen transport for 9pfs in the Linux kernel. This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system due to a race problem possibly leading to a kernel information leak. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.79 A use-after-free flaw was found in btsdio_remove in drivers\bluetooth\btsdio.c in the Linux kernel. In this flaw a call to btsdio_remove with an unfinished job may cause a race problem leading to a UAF on hdev devices. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.80 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A known cache speculation vulnerability known as branch history injection (BHI) or Spectre-BHB becomes actual again for the new hw AmpereOne. Spectre-BHB is similar to Spectre v2 except that malicious code uses the shared branch history (stored in the CPU Branch History Buffer or BHB) to influence mispredicted branches within the victim's hardware context. Once that occurs speculation caused by mispredicted branches can cause cache allocation. This issue leads to obtaining information that should not be accessible. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.94 A flaw was found in QEMU. The async nature of hot-unplug enables a race scenario where the net device backend is cleared before the virtio-net pci frontend has been unplugged. A malicious guest could use this time window to trigger an assertion and cause a denial of service. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.95 A NULL pointer dereference in TIFFClose() is caused by a failure to open an output file (non-existent path or a path that requires permissions like /dev/null) while specifying zones. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.9 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.96 A use-after-free vulnerability was found in the Linux kernel's netfilter subsystem in net/netfilter/nf_tables_api.c.Mishandled error handling with NFT_MSG_NEWRULE makes it possible to use a dangling pointer in the same transaction causing a use-after-free vulnerability. This flaw allows a local attacker with user access to cause a privilege escalation issue. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.97 An out-of-bounds write vulnerability in the Linux kernel's net/sched: sch_qfq component can be exploited to achieve local privilege escalation. The qfq_change_agg() function in net/sched/sch_qfq.c allows an out-of-bounds write because lmax is updated according to packet sizes without bounds checks. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.98 A use-after-free vulnerability in the Linux kernel's net/sched: cls_fw component can be exploited to achieve local privilege escalation. If tcf_change_indev() fails fw_set_parms() will immediately return an error after incrementing or decrementing the reference counter in tcf_bind_filter(). If an attacker can control the reference counter and set it to zero they can cause the reference to be freed leading to a use-after-free vulnerability. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An out-of-bounds memory access flaw was found in the Linux kernel in relay_file_read_start_pos in kernel/relay.c in the relayfs. This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system or leak kernel internal information. 3.2.87 3.2.93 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 2.6 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.88 A heap out-of-bounds write vulnerability in the Linux kernel ipvlan network driver can be exploited to achieve local privilege escalation.The out-of-bounds write is caused by missing skb->cb initialization in the ipvlan network driver. The vulnerability is reachable if CONFIG_IPVLAN is enabled. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.89 A use-after-free vulnerability was found in prepare_to_relocate in fs/btrfs/relocation.c in btrfs in the Linux kernel. This possible flaw can be triggered by calling btrfs_ioctl_balance() before calling btrfs_ioctl_defrag(). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.90 A use-after-free flaw was found in r592_remove in drivers/memstick/host/r592.c in media access in the Linux kernel. This flaw allows a local attacker to crash the system at device disconnect possibly leading to a kernel information leak. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.91 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A NULL pointer dereference issue was found in the gfs2 file system in the Linux kernel. It occurs on corrupt gfs2 file systems when the evict code tries to reference the journal descriptor structure after it has been freed and set to NULL. A privileged local user could use this flaw to cause a kernel panic. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.92 In PHP versions 8.0.* before 8.0.29 8.1.* before 8.1.20 8.2.* before 8.2.7 when using SOAP HTTP digest authentication random value generator was not checked for failure and was using narrower range of values than it should have. In case of random generator failure it could lead to a disclosure of 31 bits of uninitialized memory from the client to the server and it also made it easier for a malicious server to guess the client's nonce. ). A use-after-free flaw was found in btrfs_search_slot in fs/btrfs/ctree.c in btrfs in the Linux kernel. A use-after-free flaw was found in vhost_net_set_backend in drivers/vhost/net.c in virtio network subcomponent in the Linux kernel due to a double fget. This flaw could allow a local attacker to crash the system and could even lead to a kernel information leak problem. ). The fix for CVE-2022-3437 included changing memcmp to be constant time and a workaround for a compiler bug by adding != 0 comparisons to the result of memcmp. When these patches were backported to the heimdal-7.7.1 and heimdal-7.8.0 branches (and possibly other branches) a logic inversion sneaked in causing the validation of message integrity codes in gssapi/arcfour to be inverted. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.57 An issue was discovered in the Linux kernel through 6.0.10. In drivers/media/dvb-core/dvb_ca_en50221.c a use-after-free can occur is there is a disconnect after an open because of the lack of a wait_event. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.58 An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.28.2 and 3.x before 3.3.0. An adversary with access to precise enough information about memory accesses (typically an untrusted operating system attacking a secure enclave) can recover an RSA private key after observing the victim performing a single private-key operation if the window size (MBEDTLS_MPI_WINDOW_SIZE) used for the exponentiation is 3 or smaller. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.59 An issue was discovered in Mbed TLS before 2.28.2 and 3.x before 3.3.0. There is a potential heap-based buffer overflow and heap-based buffer over-read in DTLS if MBEDTLS_SSL_DTLS_CONNECTION_ID is enabled and MBEDTLS_SSL_CID_IN_LEN_MAX > 2 * MBEDTLS_SSL_CID_OUT_LEN_MAX. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.74 3.2.60 Libksba before 1.6.3 is prone to an integer overflow vulnerability in the CRL signature parser. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.61 GNU Tar through 1.34 has a one-byte out-of-bounds read that results in use of uninitialized memory for a conditional jump. Exploitation to change the flow of control has not been demonstrated. The issue occurs in from_header in list.c via a V7 archive in which mtime has approximately 11 whitespace characters. 3.2.56 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An issue was discovered in Python before 3.11.1. An unnecessary quadratic algorithm exists in one path when processing some inputs to the IDNA (RFC 3490) decoder such that a crafted unreasonably long name being presented to the decoder could lead to a CPU denial of service. Hostnames are often supplied by remote servers that could be controlled by a malicious actor; in such a scenario they could trigger excessive CPU consumption on the client attempting to make use of an attacker-supplied supposed hostname. For example the attack payload could be placed in the Location header of an HTTP response with status code 302. A fix is planned in 3.11.1 3.10.9 3.9.16 3.8.16 and 3.7.16. 3.2.50 A flaw was found in freeradius. A malicious RADIUS client or home server can send a malformed binary attribute which can cause the server to crash. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.51 In PostgreSQL a modified unauthenticated server can send an unterminated string during the establishment of Kerberos transport encryption. In certain conditions a server can cause a libpq client to over-read and report an error message containing uninitialized bytes. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.52 Git is distributed revision control system.git log can display commits in an arbitrary format using its --formatspecifiers. This functionality is also exposed to git archivevia the export-substgitattribute. When processing the padding operators there is a integer overflow in pretty.c::format_and_pad_commit() where a size_tis stored improperly as an int and then added as an offset to a memcpy(). This overflow can be triggered directly by a user running a command which invokes the commit formatting machinery (e.g. git log --format=...). It may also be triggered indirectly through git archive via the export-subst mechanism which expands format specifiers inside of files within the repository during a git archive. This integer overflow can result in arbitrary heap writes which may result in arbitrary code execution. The problem has been patched in the versions published on 2023-01-17 going back to v2.30.7. Users are advised to upgrade. Users who are unable to upgrade should disable git archivein untrusted repositories. If you expose git archive via git daemon disable it by running git config --global daemon.uploadArch false. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.53 Python 3.9.x before 3.9.16 and 3.10.x before 3.10.9 on Linux allows local privilege escalation in a non-default configuration. The Python multiprocessing library when used with the forkserver start method on Linux allows pickles to be deserialized from any user in the same machine local network namespace which in many system configurations means any user on the same machine. Pickles can execute arbitrary code. Thus this allows for local user privilege escalation that any forkserver process is running as. Setting multiprocessing.util.abstract_sockets_supported to False is a workaround. The forkserver start method for multiprocessing is not the default start method. This issue is Linux specific because only Linux supports abstract namespace sockets. CPython before 3.9 does not make use of Linux abstract namespace sockets by default. Support for users manually specifying an abstract namespace socket was added as a bugfix in 3.7.8 and 3.8.3 but users would need to make specific uncommon API calls in order to do that in CPython before 3.9. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.54 NASM v2.16 was discovered to contain a heap buffer overflow in the component quote_for_pmake() asm/nasm.c:856 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.55 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). libavcodec/pthread_frame.c in FFmpeg before 5.1.2 as used in VLC and other products leaves stale hwaccel state in worker threads which allows attackers to trigger a use-after-free and execute arbitrary code in some circumstances (e.g. hardware re-initialization upon a mid-video SPS change when Direct3D11 is used). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.69 A use-after-free flaw was found in qdisc_graft in net/sched/sch_api.c in the Linux kernel due to a race problem. This flaw leads to a denial-of-service issue. If patch ebda44da44f6 (net: sched: fix race condition in qdisc_graft()) not applied yet then kernel could be affected. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.70 3.2.62 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.71 A hash collision flaw was found in the IPv6 connection lookup table in the Linux kernel's IPv6 functionality when a user makes a new kind of SYN flood attack. A user located in the local network or with a high bandwidth connection can increase the CPU usage of the server that accepts IPV6 connections up to 95%. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.72 A slab-out-of-bounds read problem was found in brcmf_get_assoc_ies in drivers/net/wireless/broadcom/brcm80211/brcmfmac/cfg80211.c in the Linux kernel. This issue could occur when assoc_info->req_len data is bigger than the size of the buffer defined as WL_EXTRA_BUF_MAX leading to a denial of service. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.73 A flaw was found in X.Org Server Overlay Window. A use after free may lead to local privilege escalation. If a client explicitly destroys the compositor overlay window (aka COW) the Xserver would leave a dangling pointer to that window in the CompScreen structure which will trigger a use after free later. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( In PHP 8.0.X before 8.0.28 8.1.X before 8.1.16 and 8.2.X before 8.2.3 core path resolution function allocate buffer one byte too small. When resolving paths with lengths close to system MAXPATHLEN setting this may lead to the byte after the allocated buffer being overwritten with NUL value which might lead to unauthorized data access or modification. 3.2.68 In PHP 8.0.X before 8.0.28 8.1.X before 8.1.16 and 8.2.X before 8.2.3 excessive number of parts in HTTP form upload can cause high resource consumption and excessive number of log entries. This can cause denial of service on the affected server by exhausting CPU resources or disk space. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). A deadlock flaw was found in the Linux kernel's BPF subsystem. This flaw allows a local user to potentially crash the system. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.64 A vulnerability in the lsi53c895a device affects the latest version of qemu. A DMA-MMIO reentrancy problem may lead to memory corruption bugs like stack overflow or use-after-free. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). 3.2.63 A timing side channel in the handling of RSA ClientKeyExchange messages was discovered in GnuTLS. This side channel can be sufficient to recover the key encrypted in the RSA ciphertext across a network in a Bleichenbacher style attack. To achieve a successful decryption the attacker would need to send a large amount of specially crafted messages to the vulnerable server. By recovering the secret from the ClientKeyExchange message the attacker would be able to decrypt the application data exchanged over that connection. 3.2.65 In PHP 8.0.X before 8.0.28 8.1.X before 8.1.16 and 8.2.X before 8.2.3 password_verify() function may accept some invalid Blowfish hashes as valid. If such invalid hash ever ends up in the password database it may lead to an application allowing any password for this entry as valid. 3.2.67 has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A vulnerability was found in X.Org. This issue occurs due to a dangling pointer in DeepCopyPointerClasses that can be exploited by ProcXkbSetDeviceInfo() and ProcXkbGetDeviceInfo() to read and write into freed memory. This can lead to local privilege elevation on systems where the X server runs privileged and remote code execution for ssh X forwarding sessions. ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( 3.2.66
