). The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected application contains an out of bounds write past the end of an allocated buffer while parsing a specially crafted PAR file. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. The affected applications contain a stack overflow vulnerability while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The affected application is vulnerable to uninitialized pointer access while parsing specially crafted PAR files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application is vulnerable to heap-based buffer overflow while parsing specially crafted PAR files. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to use specially crafted PAR files to execute code in the context of the current process.   ). ). The affected application is vulnerable to uninitialized pointer access while parsing specially crafted PAR files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ; .  policy. and this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   .  The affected application is vulnerable to uninitialized pointer access while parsing specially crafted PAR files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to execute code in the context of the current process. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . and following recommendations in the product manuals. For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-589891 in and . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:
