As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens ProductCERT reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). . A base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for The implementation of the RPC (Remote Procedure call) communication protocol in the affected products do not properly handle certain malformed RPC messages. An attacker could use this vulnerability to cause a denial-of-service condition in the RPC server. ). . A base score of 7.1 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The implementation of the RPC (Remote Procedure call) communication protocol in the affected products do not properly handle certain unorganized RPC messages. An attacker could use this vulnerability to cause a denial-of-service condition in the RPC server.  .  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-753746 in  could allow an attacker to cause a persistent denial-of-service condition in the RPC Server of these products. . ; . The following products of Siemens are affected: and  policy.  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . and this Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . .  including   . in the technical information paper CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as:
