Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the CLI service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the BLE daemon service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the Wi-Fi Uplink service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerability exists in the soft ap daemon accessed via the PAPI protocol.  results in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: ). Multiple authenticated command injection vulnerabilities exist in the command line interface.  result in the ability to execute arbitrary commands as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. ). An authenticated vulnerability has been identified allowing an attacker to effectively establish highly privileged persistent arbitrary code execution across boot cycles. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An authenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerability exists in the CLI service.  results in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 6.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Siemens ProductCERT reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is (   could allow an attacker to inject commands or exploit buffer overflow vulnerabilities which could lead to sensitive information disclosure unauthenticated denial-of-service or unauthenticated remote code execution. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Unauthenticated Denial-of-Service (DoS) vulnerabilities exist in the CLI service accessed via the PAPI protocol.  result in the ability to interrupt the normal operation of the affected access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There is an arbitrary file deletion vulnerability in the RSSI service accessed by PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol).  results in the ability to delete arbitrary files on the underlying operating system which could lead to the ability to interrupt normal operation and impact the integrity of the access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are arbitrary file deletion vulnerabilities in the AirWave client service accessed by PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol).  result in the ability to delete arbitrary files on the underlying operating system which could lead to the ability to interrupt normal operation and impact the integrity of the access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are arbitrary file deletion vulnerabilities in the CLI service accessed by PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol).  result in the ability to delete arbitrary files on the underlying operating system which could lead to the ability to interrupt normal operation and impact the integrity of the access point. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There is a buffer overflow vulnerability in the underlying AirWave client service that could lead to unauthenticated remote code execution by sending specially crafted packets destined to the PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol) UDP port (8211).  results in the ability to execute arbitrary code as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are buffer overflow vulnerabilities in the underlying CLI service that could lead to unauthenticated remote code execution by sending specially crafted packets destined to the PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol) UDP port (8211).  result in the ability to execute arbitrary code as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( There are buffer overflow vulnerabilities in the underlying CLI service that could lead to unauthenticated remote code execution by sending specially crafted packets destined to the PAPI (Aruba's access point management protocol) UDP port (8211).  result in the ability to execute arbitrary code as a privileged user on the underlying operating system. The following products of Siemens are affected:  As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. ; .  and this  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . policy. . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-716164 in . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: and   .  including .
