). Affected devices can be configured to send emails when certain events occur on the device. When presented with an invalid response from the SMTP server the device triggers an error that disrupts email sending. An attacker with access to the network can use this to do disable notification of users when certain events occur. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.7 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). Affected devices do not properly sanitize an input field. This could allow an authenticated remote attacker with administrative privileges to inject code or spawn a system root shell. Follow-up of CVE-2022-36323. An improper neutralization of special elements used in an OS command with root privileges vulnerability exists in the handling of the DDNS configuration. This could allow malicious local administrators to issue commands on system level after a successful IP address update. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper neutralization of special elements used in an OS command with root privileges vulnerability exists in the parsing of the IPSEC configuration. This could allow malicious local administrators to issue commands on system level after a new connection is established. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 2.7 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.1 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected devices do not properly validate the length of inputs when performing certain configuration changes in the web interface allowing an authenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition. The device needs to be restarted for the web interface to become available again. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected devices do not properly validate the authentication when performing certain modifications in the web interface allowing an authenticated attacker to influence the user interface configured by an administrator. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 4.9 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected devices use a weak checksum algorithm to protect the configuration backup that an administrator can export from the device. This could allow an authenticated attacker with administrative privileges or an attacker that tricks a legitimate administrator to upload a modified configuration file to change the configuration of an affected device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected products do not properly validate the content of uploaded X509 certificates which could allow an attacker with administrative privileges to execute arbitrary code on the device. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to escalate privileges execute arbitrary code or spawn a system root shell on the affected system.   has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.2 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). ). Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at Siemens has released new versions for several affected products and recommends users update to the latest versions. Siemens recommends countermeasures for products where fixes are not or not yet available: Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ; .  policy. and this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for .   .  including As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to and following recommendations in the product manuals. Siemens also recommends users restrict access to application webserver for trusted users only. . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and .   For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-602936 in
