Siemens recommends the following: . Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-665034 in Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA.  could allow an unauthenticated attacker to obtain assets data without authentication. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 5.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A missing authentication check in the WebSocket channel used for the Check Point IoT integration in Nozomi Networks Guardian and CMC may allow an unauthenticated attacker to obtain assets data without authentication. The following products with Nozomi Guardian/CMC are affected:  As of January 10 2023 CISA will no longer be updating ICS security advisories for Siemens product vulnerabilities beyond the initial advisory.For the most up-to-date information on vulnerabilities in this advisory please see and ). . and following recommendations in the product manuals.  ; we’d welcome your feedback. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. We recently updated our anonymous and this This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. policy. in the technical information paper . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including . on the ICS webpage on CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at
