Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Siemens has released new versions for the affected products and recommends to update to the latest versions: Parasolid V35.0: Update to V35.0.263 or Parasolid V35.0 Parasolid V35.1: Do not open untrusted XT files in Parasolid Parasolid V36.0: Update to V36.0.198 or ). Parasolid V35.0: Update to V35.0.251 or Parasolid V35.1: Update to V35.1.252 or A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for CVE-2023-49125. A base score of 4.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 3.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain a null pointer dereference vulnerability while parsing specially crafted XT files. An attacker could leverage this vulnerability to crash the application causing denial of service condition. Parasolid V35.1: Update to V35.1.170 or A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for CVE-2023-49125. A base score of 7.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected applications contain an out of bounds read past the end of an allocated structure while parsing specially crafted files containing XT format. This could allow an attacker to execute code in the context of the current process. The following products of Siemens are affected:  could allow an attacker to leverage the vulnerability to perform remote code execution in the context of the current process.  As of January 10 2023 CISA will no longer be updating ICS security advisories for Siemens product vulnerabilities beyond the initial advisory.For the most up-to-date information on vulnerabilities in this advisory please see ). Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: . As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to ; we’d welcome your feedback. We recently updated our anonymous policy. and this This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. These vulnerabilities are not exploitable remotely. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including  CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. . and For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-797296 in Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. Do not open untrusted XT files in Parasolid. on the ICS webpage on
