Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-580228 in Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: ). . A base score of 9.3 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( Affected products use a hard-coded secret value for the computation of a Keyed-Hash Message Authentication Code. This could allow an unauthenticated remote attacker to gain full administrative access to the application. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to obtain full administrative access to the application.  As of January 10 2023 CISA will no longer be updating ICS security advisories for Siemens product vulnerabilities beyond the initial advisory.For the most up-to-date information on vulnerabilities in this advisory please see and . . CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. ; we’d welcome your feedback. We recently updated our anonymous policy. and this This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: . in the technical information paper Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at
