. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: .   .  including CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for  Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at in the technical information paper . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. CISA has received reports of this vulnerability being actively exploited. Hitron Systems has released the following updates for their DVR: and this policy. . Aline Eliovich Chad Seaman and Larry Cashdollar of Akamai Technologies reported this vulnerability to CISA.  has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is (  could allow an attacker to affect the availability of the product through exploitation of an improper input validation vulnerability and default credentials. The following versions of Hitron Systems DVR a digital video recorder are affected: An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR HVR-4781 versions 1.03 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR HVR-8781 versions 1.03 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR HVR-16781 versions 1.03 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR LGUVR-4H versions 1.02 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR LGUVR-8H versions 1.02 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). An improper input validation vulnerability exists in Hitron Systems DVR LGUVR-16H versions 1.02 through 4.02 that could allow an attacker to cause a denial-of-service condition when using default admin name and password. ). ). ; .
