; . and following recommendations in the product manuals. As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. ). The intermediate installation system state of the affected application uses default credential with admin privileges. An attacker could use the credentials to gain complete control of the affected device. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The affected application allows IP configuration change without authentication to the device. This could allow an attacker to cause denial of service condition. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 8.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( The intermediate installation system state of the affected application allows an attacker to add their own login credentials to the device. This allows an attacker to remotely login as root and take control of the device even after the affected device is fully set up. The following products of Siemens are affected:  could allow an attacker to remotely login as root or cause denial of service condition of the device.    Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the . has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 9.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( and policy. For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-777015 in  No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . and this . .  including   . CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for
