HID OMNIKEY Readers OMNIKEY Secure Elements iCLASS SE Reader Modules iCLASS SE Processors iCLASS SE Readers HID has also provided additional steps users can take steps to harden their readers to prevent malicious configuration changes. . Customers using the HID standard key and other customers who are concerned their keys may be compromised should consider steps to update the readers and credentials with new keys. To assist in this effort HID will be introducing a free upgrade to the Elite Key program. Contact your HID representative for more information at Elite Key and Custom Key customers that have kept their configuration cards secure should continue to be vigilant and restrict access to those cards. To exploit this vulnerability a reader must be physically close to or in possession of the configuration cards to communicate with the card and extract information. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: HID Global recommends the following mitigations to reduce the risk: HID Global reported this vulnerability to CISA. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.3 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( Sensitive data can be extracted from HID iCLASS SE reader configuration cards. This could include credential and device administrator keys. Administrators should plan to securely destroy unneeded configuration cards. . .  including  . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely.  and this policy.  ; .  in the technical information paper  could allow an attacker to read the credential and device administration keys from a configuration card. Those keys could be used to create malicious configuration cards or credentials. The following HID products are affected:
