and following recommendations in the product manuals. A CVSS v4 score has also been calculated for As a general security measure Siemens recommends protecting network access to devices with appropriate mechanisms. To operate the devices in a protected IT environment Siemens recommends configuring the environment according to Siemens has identified the following specific workarounds and mitigations users can apply to reduce risk: Siemens reported this vulnerability to CISA. ). . A base score of 8.5 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( ). No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. The windows installer agent used in affected product contains incorrect use of privileged APIs that trigger the Windows Console Host (conhost.exe) as a child process with SYSTEM privileges. This could be exploited by an attacker to perform a local privilege escalation attack. The following Siemens products are affected:  could allow an attacker to gain SYSTEM privileges.  As of January 10 2023 CISA will no longer be updating ICS security advisories for Siemens product vulnerabilities beyond the initial advisory.For the most up-to-date information on vulnerabilities in this advisory please see This product is provided subject to this Additional information on industrial security by Siemens can be found on the has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3 base score of 7.8 has been assigned; the CVSS vector string is ( . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. and For more information see the associated Siemens security advisory SSA-543502 in ; we’d welcome your feedback. We recently updated our anonymous policy. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . and this . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for
