Customers of Schneider Electric should use appropriate patching methodologies when applying these patches to their systems. Schneider Electric strongly recommend the use of back-ups and evaluating the impact of these patches in a Test and Development environment or on an offline infrastructure. Contact Schneider Electric's . If customers choose not to apply the remediation provided above they should immediately apply Schneider Electric's General Security Recommendations to reduce the risk of exploit. For more information see Schneider Electric if assistance is needed in removing a patch. Schneider Electric has released the following mitigations/fixes for the following products:  could allow an attacker to gain full control of a workstation. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 7.8 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability exists in Schneider Electric Easergy Studio versions prior to v9.3.5 that could allow an attacker logged in with a user level account to gain higher privileges by providing a harmful serialized object. The following versions of Schneider Electric Easergy Studio a software solution for configuring monitoring and managing control devices are affected: CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. Sina Kheirkhah (@SinSinology) of Summoning Team (@SummoningTeam) working with Trend Micro Zero Day Initiative reported this vulnerability to CISA.  CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of this vulnerability such as: . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on ; we’d welcome your feedback. We recently updated our anonymous and this This product is provided subject to this No known public exploitation specifically targeting this vulnerability has been reported to CISA at this time. This vulnerability is not exploitable remotely. policy. . in the technical information paper Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents.
