). An attacker with access to the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the username parameter in the SNMP configuration. has been assigned to this vulnera or craft a malicious request.bility. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). The cross-site request forgery token in the request may be predictable or easily guessable allowing attackers to craft a malicious request which could be triggered by a victim unknowingly. In a successful CSRF attack the attacker could lead the victim user to carry out an action unintentionally. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.7 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 6.5 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An attacker with access to the network where the affected devices are located could maliciously actions to obtain via a sniffer sensitive information exchanged via TCP communications. A potential attacker with access to the device would be able to execute malicious code that could affect the correct functioning of the device. has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( A potential attacker with access to the device would be able to execute malicious code that could affect the correct functioning of the device. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An attacker with access to the web application that has the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the autorefresh parameter. ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 8.0 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( An attacker with access to the web application that has the vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the forward.0.domain parameter. The following versions of Lynx 206-F2G a layer three industrial Ethernet switch are affected:  could allow an attacker to access the web application inject arbitrary code execute malicious code obtain sensitive information or execute a malicious request. ). ). ). has been assigned to this vulnerability. A CVSS v3.1 base score of 5.4 has been calculated; the CVSS vector string is ( ; we’d welcome your feedback. We recently updated our anonymous policy. and this An attacker with access to the web application with vulnerable software could introduce arbitrary JavaScript by injecting a cross-site scripting payload into the dns.0.server parameter. No known public exploitation specifically targeting these vulnerabilities has been reported to CISA at this time. CISA also recommends users take the following measures to protect themselves from social engineering attacks: Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. . in the technical information paper This product is provided subject to this . CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for . . Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download including on the ICS webpage on  CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the risk of exploitation of these vulnerabilities such as: Westermo recommends following best practices for hardening such as restricting access disable unused services (attack surface reduction) etc. to mitigate the reported vulnerabilities. Aarón Flecha Menéndez Iván Alonso Álvarez and Víctor Bello Cuevas reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at
